-NzwqAIgtTKlUte-ZpGpRQ
9Ep4sguv3HH_8lWyzSogjw
Quite sad really.  They were always crowded but for how good the food was, they could have charged more.  WAY more.  Especially because I know they accepted barter money from other companies which lowered their profit margins and screwed up their cash flow.  Their burgers were amazing but what I'll really miss are their sweet potato fries and marshmallow creme dipping sauce.  Basically now every time I eat a hamburger/fries I do an involuntary comparison to Indulge and it ruins the other food every time.  I will never have a better burger ever.

5
0
K75cg1mKb54q1yJDN6C0Mg
The 1st thing I noticed about this place was the music.  Turned up to at least 60DB I could hardly hear the employee over the music - you'd think they were trying to cover up the sound of a lawnmower.  It took an extra 30 seconds to make sure my order was correct. I felt like I was deaf.  I would have asked to turn down the music - but the coffee came out quick and to my surprise was exactly how I ordered it.  It tasted good, and I will say I was impressed with DB as a company.  WOW that coffee woke me up with a JOLT.  I'd say 2x more caffeine than Starbucks and not as pretentious!  I will just have to find another DB on my route to work that isn't slapping me in the face with their elevator music.

2
0
fXk9gCj5oX36_T19tSmzhg
Not exactly pleased.  Tried them out because we have a toddler who doesn't know how to swim who just loves water.  Turns out they "teach" the same exact sequence/routine every session and our drive from San Tan Valley was proving to be a bit cumbersome for our werkly sessions with a hungry/tired toddler.  We decided that it just wasn't the right fit for us, and upon calling to cancel we were told we needed to fill out the cancelation form IN PERSON.  Drove from San Tan Valley today to find out no such form exists and not only that will be still charged because of a 30 day notice policy.  Not only have we gained NOTHING from this school but have wasted our time in trying it out.  We also are proud owners of swimming bottoms that are required which do not accomplish anything.  Our toddler has peed on us every week in it.  I'm pretty sure we were swimming in urine water...    I'd appreciate my money back and some explanation from the owner.  If not I will definitely be steering people away...

1
0
