08W2WYMtjwrf8rGmJlQPrw
lIADD0TqUw7UBEAD-6XbBw
I decided to make an appt at this office, because of the reviews on yelp, close to home and the hours worked for me.  All of the reviews I read were pretty impressive, so going in I was confident.  The office is clean and the front office was pretty friend along with the medical assistant who took my vitals. I was scheduled with Dr. Lee and had read her bio on their website.  She was very sweet and friendly. However, She did not seem to be very helpful and was very short with me.  After expressing my symptoms she just did not seem to show much expression and it seemed like she did not have time for me.   I prefer anyone who I am dealing with, especially a physician to make eye contact with me. I did not get that from her.   She never concluded my appt, other than hand me a lab order. She did not tell me to follow up on my matter or reassure me that the office will call me with lab results.  I called the office myself to get results and have not heard back.  This place was a disappointment and I will be sure not to follow up with Dr. Lee.

1
0
TnkxapUN4nWMz_z5h3qMYg
the atmosphere is neat..the food is good..Nicely done.

4
0
KRb2t7s4XGtMywFNjkF1yA
A few months ago I randomly has the desire to get a tattoo and club tattoo was the closest place to me. I went in knowing it would be impossible to get in that same day. The guy who helped me said they were booked and may get me in later that night.  I was convinced in getting a tat that day so I was a little anxious. I went back hours later and they were still busy. The manager said he could get me in another day since he had no openings that day.  I was okay with this since I was the one who randomly came in without appointment. I left and an hour later I got a phone call and said to come in and get my tat. I showed up and I was set up with Justin Gorelik. Justin was very nice and paid attention to detail and my tat turned out great! I was very pleased with my experience here and recommend to anyone who wants a tattoo. Not only was I impressed with Justin but pleased to have gotten call to come back for my tattoo!

5
0
