0IEf7wTR14SlvMVcRWMs_A
U2hhSRVHfBryKPNTgasprA
Fast, friendly service. Good value. As a NYC/NJ immigrant I'm all too familiar with the Blimpie brand and have been to the original Blimpie Base in Hoboken which is what brought me into this location today. On a sign in the window was advertised the new Hoboken Hero with salami, pepperoni, prosciuttini and provolone. I requested double meat and double cheese as I used to back east and the sandwich maker proceeded to quickly build my hero. I was pleased to see that Blimpie still slices most meats to order unlike many sandwich shops where it's unknown how long ago ingredients were prepped. (Have you ever seen a slicer at Subway? I sure haven't.) Parmesan bread was fresh and baked perfectly. One aspect of the older Blimpie stores back east is they tend to be shabby and unkempt however this shop is in ship shape; immaculately clean and bright with large almost floor to ceiling windows running the full length of the store. Customer service was on point and delivered with a smile. One bit of irony is I was helped by, and I kid you not, Jared! My sandwich was wrapped as requested, half to eat there and half to go, and we both had a good chuckle about the irony of his name.

5
0
N6ff0yyo9Cv_7XPz-YDoow
Apparently the management of this store has no clue what customer service is all about. What's more is even though I was in the store requesting an exchange on day 14 they count the day I received the phone, even though late that Saturday evening and despite the fact there was a holiday during this period, as day one.  Two weeks ago today I decided to leave Verizon with whom I have been reasonably satisfied except for cost, and explore other options. I have had a cellphone for 28 years and have, at one time or another, been with all of the major carriers. Two Saturdays ago I went to T-Mobile, AT&T and finally Sprint. On my way to this store I read the Yelp! reviews and thought to myself "they can't really be THAT bad, can they?" I've since discovered they are WORSE.  Initially I was very satisfied with the sales process. I actually went online the day before and reserved phones, chose my plan, etc. I was a bit miffed that online I was told I qualified for three lines with no deposit but in store and after "further review" that I could only get two lines with a $50 deposit for each. I couldn't understand why as Verizon required no deposit from me two years ago and if anything my credit has improved somewhat sice but whatever. (When I received a letter from Sprint a week later it stated the phone number I provided could not be verified in public records. Are you kidding me? Guess I should have used my landline number. Oh well live and learn.) Because of this SNAFU the sales associate had to basically redo everything in the system so my time spent online was for naught but you can't fault an employee for crappy systems.  Next day when I unboxed the phone and after charging it (even though I was told they are shipped to the store fully charged) and giving it a test drive I noticed a faint crackling static noise while streaming videos on YouTube. Initially I dismissed this as possibly being a fault with the video or possibly bad data connection but several days later while messing with ringtone options the same crackling static noise was there. As this was an HTC One M8 Harman Kardon edition and the main selling point was the superior audio quality I assumed getting a quick like-for-like exchange wouldn't be an issue. Wow was I wrong.  After a lengthy back and forth with two different associates, one of whom the same person who sold me the phone, I was told that because it was now, by their strictest application of their policy, outside the14 day return policy, my only option was a refurbished phone through the insurance company. Really? One day and as I mentioned  earlier one of those days was a holiday during which no business could be transacted. Also this came after I was told by a member of their tech department there was nothing wrong with the phone and it was only after I demonstrated using the ringtones that they begrudgingly admitted there was indeed an issue. When I asked if I could appeal to a manager they informed me they were both managers and that nothing more could be done. When pressed a bit more , however, the assistant store manager was summoned. At last, I thought, someone who is empowered to make a customer happy. Wrong, again.  He introduced himself as Chuck and initially was upbeat and positive. Progress perhaps. I introduced myself as Charlie, plead my case, and he proceeded to tap away at the computer terminal. Good sign. Then he asked to see my phone again. He then proceeded to tell me had the phone been in like new condition perhaps he could have given me some leeway but since there was a gouge on the back of the phone that walking out of the store with a replacement was not an option. I wish I could take and post a picture of this"gouge" which is actually a minute abrasion of the plastic backing which you'd need a micrometer to measure. At this point in time and knowing he was fishing for any excuse not to help me I became exasperated. At the very same time Chuck became a first class prick. Very unprofessional.  I intend to send an email to corporate but I'm sure it will only resort in positive feedback to the employees at this store for towing the company line. "No waivers, no favors." So now I don't even have the option of cancellation without massive contract break fees. Be on notice, Sprint and the employees of the Town and Country store, on Monday there will be a call made to the AZ Attorney General's office as well as the Better Business Bureau about your lousy intractable business practices.

1
0
