0MbTSK3FSiNZVr7PhJFmvw
nRu1XwMBZgY2l371Qr-fRQ
The only reason I'd go to Americopy is for cheap black-and-white copies (particularly on Friday's).  1. Their color printers are consistently too yellow, even with properly white-balanced images. As a result, skin tones can't be rendered accurately. I modified the white-balance on the images embedded into my PDF three times (one a little yellow, one proper, and one a little blue)--all three times the midtones came out various shades of yellow. I showed them to the employee who did them and she said, "Yeah, that's true, they're a little yellow" without offering any solution. Unless you don't care about color accuracy, don't bother getting color prints done here. I ended up going to Kinko's right down the street and their printers rendered color much more accurately.  2. I've interacted with two employees during my two visits here. From the looks of it, the first employee was a little higher up than the second employee. While she had good intentions to help me with my project by trying to pinpoint possible errors in my files, she was extremely aggressive about it. Think: Mom when she's come home from work and discovered you didn't do your chores. While well-intentioned, her tone and her frank I'm-sure-you-messed-something-up attitude was not conducive to inviting customer service. Customers are not your children. The second was much nicer and helped me get what I needed to get done, however you could hear her give out a frustrated moan when she got off the phone with a customer and later when she went into the back of the store to talk to a co-worker. From the looks of it, their behind-the-scenes tension is effecting their customer service, which makes the do-it-yourself machine at Kinko's much more inviting.

2
0
aPdDcFXPsWVxBhaXuZcDpw
I ordered take-out and was not disappointed. It was delicious!  Although I called to place a to-go order twenty-five minutes to close, they accommodated my order and I ran to pick it up right away. I ordered chicken tikka masala, rice, and garlic naan and it was downright superb! My only small complaint was that the the spicy was much more mild than the Indian food I'm used to, but I'm sure they're just playing it safe. If you like spicy Indian food, I would be sure to ask for extra spicy.

5
0
