19Z9qoIpqhcybbevH5Pddw
s5YwQRuBhQjlQZHZzqC9Bw
This place is great! The staff are amazing, the facility is gorgeous and our puppy Noe absolutely loves it! I really appreciate how attentive they are to all the pets, and how they post pics so you can stay connected to your pup while apart. I was nervous because our puppy is very small (7 lbs), but they separate small/large pups and really keep an eye to make sure all the dogs are playing friendly. I can't speak more highly of this place!

5
0
zZ1SI2OS_RmM6Yy4czw5dw
What a horrible experience I had with Sunbelt Electric! Don't use them. It's one thing to not do the job you were called out to do, but on top of that, the technician was one of the rudest people I've ever had the pleasure of meeting.   Sunbelt was called out to our home after we filed a service request w/ our home warranty provider (Fidelity). Both of our outside electric outlets (front and back) suddenly went out, affecting all of our landscaping lights and watering systems. When the Sunbelt guy showed up, I immediately knew this wasn't going to be a pleasant experience. He took one look at the front outlet, threw up his hands and said, "won't touch that - it's not connected to your house (which it is - it's drilled into the house) so not covered under your warranty." Now I realize that's a separate issue (that I'm working w/ Fidelity on), but the way he said it was so rude and unhelpful.   Then I showed him around to the backyard and the other outlet. He got started (so I thought) and I went inside to finish getting ready for work. 30 minutes later the doorbell rings. He said, "Won't touch anything. The outlet in the back has the pool light and it's the pool light that's broken and you don't have pool coverage. Plus it's not attached to the house." First, IS WAS attached to the house. If it wasn't, why did he waste 30 minutes doing whatever he was doing. Second, I explained that it was the entire outlet and not the pool light, which my husband had already checked. He was SO RUDE, he just kept repeating, "it's the pool light, won't touch it, you don't have pool coverage." Finally I said, "look it's not the pool light. We think it's the outlet, but is there anything else it could be?" Then he changed his story and said, "well it doesn't matter if it's the pool light or not because the outlet isn't attached to the house so I won't touch it" (AGAIN, this outlet is also attached to the house). Honestly I probably would have paid him out of pocket just to fix it, but at that point, he was so rude I couldn't even get a word in. Most frustrating is that my husband ended up fixing it on his own later and it WAS just the outlet.   It's like Sunbelt intentionally went out of their way to be SUPER NOT HELPFUL and RUDE. It was incredibly frustrating. I truly feel bad for the people who use them for electrical needs more urgent (i.e. air conditioning/power out). I'd STRONGLY recommend using a different electrician.

1
0
