1ffVE7olj_qeQwotMuezQg
HDvCnqIf5twbMb5-eG1EJw
My family loves Butterfield's!!!  If you're coming on a Saturday or Sunday morning, expect a wait, but once your order is in, the food comes out super fast.  Usually, I'll call in an order for pickup, and they tell me that the food will be ready in 5 to 10 minutes.  Sure enough, I get there 5 minutes later, and the bag is waiting behind the register for me ready to go!  Everything that I've ordered has been great.  I'm not claiming that it's the best breakfast restaurant in all the land, but it's definitely far above average with consistent quality with fast service.  If you like chorizo, consider the New Mexico Skillet, or if you're looking for something more delicate, try the Spinach and Gruyere Crepes.  When given the choice between Pancakes and toast as a side, don't be weird... get the pancakes. ;)

5
0
GfsKIdURweoz-V_X0XwoPA
I tried Los Sombreros for lunch with a few coworkers last week, and we did not have a pleasant experience.  Some of the food was really good, some food not so great, and the service was possibly the worst I have ever received at any restaurant in my life.  First impressions on arrival where that the restaurant appeared to by very nice and clean.  I liked the atmosphere, but perhaps the very low number of patrons should have been an indicator to run.  As we reviewed the menu, we started to notice some things.  They charge for chips and salsa, and there is only one free refill of chips.  Also, at least on the lunch specials, we noticed that you are forced to choose between either rice or beans as a side.  We were shocked.  We had never seen this before at a Mexican restaurant, and this was our chance to run, but we decided to stay and try this place out.  As the waiter arrived to take our drink orders, we indicated that we would need separate checks.  He said that it's not possible to split our check.  Now, this was not our first visit to a restaurant, so we knew that it was possible to split a check.  We proceeded to challenge our waiter on this.  When we did, he said that he would have to open a separate table for each person in our lunch party and that our food would come out at all different times because of the busy lunch time rush.  Keep in mind that at this point two or three other tables were occupied in the entire restaurant.  We finally gave in and just went along with the single check policy.  When we received our food (all items from the lunch specials), we noticed that the portions were extremely small.  It was almost laughable.  Since we had to choose between rice or beans, we all chose beens.  Everyone agreed that the beens were not good at all.  It's amazing... I mean they figured our how to mess up refried beans.  I think everyone was disappointed by the quantity of food.  Especially for the price.  I must say that the enchilada (although only being one enchilada) tasted really good.  That was until I was about half way finished and I found a hair in it.  I was still hungry after only finishing half of my small portion, but I decided that was enough for me.  I notified my waiter that I found a hair in my food and that I was finished eating.  I asked  him to remove my plate.  A couple minutes later, a woman came back with my plate and questioned me about the location of the hair.  When I could no longer locate the hair, she insulted me by saying, "Was it an invisible hair?"  Someone at my table chimed in to tell her that they had seen it too, so she took the plate back to the kitchen.  When I thought that was all over, she brought my plate back a couple minutes later at asked me if the hair was from corn.  She then proceeded to show me a hair from a corn husk that was mixed in with the food and asked me if that was what I had seen.  It wasn't the same coarseness or color at all.  She finally went away and never came back, and fortunately they didn't charge us for that plate.  We had high hopes for Los Sombreros, but things just didn't pan out.  Although some of the food items were great, portions were low and prices were high.  Service was lacking entirely.  For anyone thinking about trying Los Sombreros, I would certainly recommend staying away.  For anyone at Los Sombreros that is reading this, It's not to late to change your ways.  Stop being so cheap with your portions and work on your service.  Even though we didn't like the portions, the beans, the hair, or paying for tortilla chips, we could have had a pleasant experience if the staff had handled things differently.  Your restaurant seems unorganized and the people there are unhappy and it trickled down and polluted our entire experience.

1
0
