1hjQ8ZNCzsLUP5crQKq_Tg
s5BD7v8zO-YCjm9xnOLo8g
No problem with the food here, just the service. I have ordered food from here 3 times, once takeout and twice delivery. Everytime I have put an order in here they get something on the order wrong. When I try to make a complaint about it the staff is very rude and not apologetic at all. This location has very young girls taking the orders and it is my feeling that they don't pay attention very well since they get the order wrong every time. I will never order from this location again because of the terrible service and uncaring staff.

1
0
LNC-ODRh1mMRhPYQ7xxN5w
Nice upscale modern atmosphere. The menu is not your standard Mexican fare. Unique dishes. Good Service. They make their Guacamole fresh at your table and it is very tasty. The Chips comes with 2 salsas, a first roasted and roasted tomatillo. The Fire Roasted is really good, but the roasted Tomatillo is served warm and is definitely an acquired taste. I had a Spinach Enchilada that came with seasoned snap peas and rice. Overall a great dining experience. I would recommend that you try it for yourself and not be deterred by some of the negative reviews on here. After all, if you want Mexican that is standard there are many other places for that in the valley. The food here is definitely gourmet and the quality of the fresh ingredients used is excellent.

4
0
cQoYeepkA_jms9NinIk1CA
Going through the experience of having an interlock device in your car is wrought with problems of all sorts that you won't see coming. That's why it's important to work with the right kind of dealer. I'd like you to know that Hector Amador who owns and runs the operation really was a very good natured person and definitely helped me figure things out when I was in a bind. You just cannot place enough value on that. The price is right here and so is the service. I would recommend Hector and Arizona Interlocks to anyone in need. Please keep this important fact in mind though. There are certain things that are out of the control of the company that you are dealing with in regards to working through this like the laws and requirements from the court as well as the manufacturer's equipment. Just be clear about your situation and honest and you'll be fine.

5
0
