1q7w4vkNOj0JvJzY2uQxTA
nvaAUTTl7oqiJDhuimNG6A
I love brunch. I love protein. This wonderful restaurant has eggs galore! The omelets are delicious. So are the potatoes. My last experience with a brunch omelette was not very pleasant (at Original Pancake House), so getting an omelette at TC Eggington's more than made up for it. I love eggs again thanks to TC!   The decor can be described as quaint country. It was cute! The service was good. I was there on Friday for lunch, so it wasn't too crowded. It seems pretty popular with the elderly (I think there's a Leisure World nearby).

5
0
hCS5eV0SCAY9LeeL36lz8g
There are 3 main reasons I go to clubs: music, drinks, and socializing. All three were terrible at this club. I must've gone to there on its worst night. It was the Saturday, the day AFTER Kaskade spinned. Unfortunately my friend and I, who were visiting from LA, unknowingly showed up thinking there'd be good music with the local DJ anyway. WRONG! I have never heard a worse DJ. His transitions made me cringe. Getting my cavities filled at the dentist would have been a more pleasant experience. The worst part was that he would play 15-30 second segments of hiphop/pop songs. It was pretty much an extremely annoying, terribly long mash-up mix. Looking around on the dancefloor, I felt badly for everyone. As soon as they started getting into the groove of a song, it would change very abruptly. And the beats didn't match a bit. Isn't beat matching the first thing a DJ should learn?  I kept wondering when it would end. How could anyone stand such bad music? Surely there were better DJs in the room. Even I could mix better than him.  Next, a big club like that ought to have several rooms with different kinds of music. Nope, just that big main room. There's another room near the end with pool tables and a bar. It had a DJ, but it was more loungey and had no space to dance. That DJ was better.. I wish he could've switched places with the other one.   It looked like there were a few other areas, upstairs and downstairs, with bars and possibly rooms. I never found out because they were closed off for private parties.  The outside area was cool. The club, overall, has attractive decor and nice ambiance. Talking to a random guy, I found out the bad DJ was just filling in for the regular DJ (out sick or something).   Usually when a club has bad music, I try to make up for the experience by drinking and socializing. Unfortunately the drinks were weak (I ordered Long Beach and Tokyo iced teas.. didn't even get buzzed off of them. I'm a small girl too!). As for the crowd.. well, there were different types of people. Regulars, college students, yuppies, sleazy guys. Pretty typical for a club like this. It's like AZ's equivalent of 1015 in SF or Avalon in LA. I guess they all have bad days. I certainly didn't expect it to be like that on a Saturday..  Oh yeah, at least the go-go dancers were hot.

1
0
