1uD8Yl8RM4-3UP2OTksenQ
b5QNpgeJNmbgFI-ztsrs3Q
This place is absolutely terrible! I wish I would've read these reviews before I started renting here because they all turned out to be so true. First off, if you live in one of the front buildings, good luck trying to find a decent parking spot. All of the spots in the very back of the complex are usually occupied by people who love to double park and bump and dent your car. Very frustrating. Secondly, the cockroach problem is so real! There were probably 3 or 4 roaches roaming around my place the day I moved in, luckily I haven't had too big of a problem with them now that the weather is getting cooler, but I'm still keeping my fingers crossed.  The management team have to be the rudest people I have ever met in my life. Anytime you go in there to ask a simple question, pay rent, or even pick up a package they don't even wanna give you the time of day...probably because they're too busy chain smoking outside than acknowledging their paying residents. They nickel and dime you for literally everything. And here's a tip: if you're going to pay your rent, make sure you don't do it with a personal check because they'll charge you about 76 dollars because it's not a money order. Stupid. Anyways, the fire alarm seems to go off about once every other week during the middle of the night, and it goes off for at least a half hour or so. The water gets turned off just about every week because "our vendor needs to repipe the water line". We get that note on our door all the time, but really how many times do you need to repipe the entire complex?  The hallways reek with a mixture of ass, dog poo, trash, and what all the neighbors are cooking for dinner. The AC goes in and out just like the hot water. These days I have to have my water running for at least 30 minutes just to get it luke warm. The pool, hot tub, and gym all look very nice, but the pool water feels like bath water that has been sitting, the hot tub is never hot, and whenever the machines in the gym go down, management takes months to get it fixed. Also, be careful if you decide to have visitors over for a few days. They threatened to tow my boyfriends car because he wasn't on the lease, even though he was just visiting for the weekend. Although the location is pretty nice and close to midtown and arcadia, it is NOT WORTH IT AT ALL. I've been here for 6 months now, and I'm just about ready to break my lease because I'm over all this shit.

1
0
wfehmd8XHuptcoSQ64V9Mg
The 20 Highland Tavern is awesome! I'm here almost every day and the bartenders are super friendly and service is always prompt. I especially love Emily because she is extremely knowledgable on all of the beers and always picks out a good one for me every time I come in. Seriously, all you have to do is say you like dark beers and she'll have one poured for you that won't disappoint. The food here is awesome, I gotta give kudos to the chef back there for feeding me on a near daily basis. I definitely recommend anything that is served with French fries (honestly the best fries I've ever tasted) but they also have daily specials that usually include a local brew. And then when you're all full and buzzed you can go grocery shopping! This place rules, highly recommend in a heartbeat!

5
0
