1wIOMbdAJ3YuQZavzp3H6w
_RBUU1y4yJrK0SPAd8z0-w
Went in at 6 pm on a Sunday. Restaurant had perhaps 3 tables sat. We were sat in a part of the restaurant near all the other tables. Received water and menus. Waited over 15 minutes for someone to take our order.   When we flagged someone down we were told they were short staffed but still no one came over to apologize or take our order. Waited another 5 minutes and left. While we were waiting one couple waited the entire time at the register to pay their check and another man dining alone was in the same situation and walked out.

1
0
NYR02j-mRfBUYjqO59PuaA
I've read the existing reviews and all these reviews were put here by renters which is not a surprise. I can't tell you how many times I've been stopped by a car driving slowly through the complex and they roll down their window and shout "Hey, where's the leasing office?", and my only reply is "We don't have one."  Yes, Villago is often touted as being an apartment complex. It's not. The homes themselves are privately owned and a large number of them are rented out by the owners or a mangement agency. This is likely due to the fact, yes, we are close to ASU, the units are newer, and the location is quite good. So I've noticed there are a few reviews here which are not about the units themselves, but about the landlords, which should be pointed out this will vary greatly based on the owner and if they use a management company. If you rent from someone who is reasonable, you will have a better experience.  As an actual owner, I suppose I should actually give some pros and cons:  Pros:  1. Newer units. These were first started in 2007 and were completed I believe in 2009. This place is bigger than most apartment complexes, it takes up a full city block with 800+ units, most being 3 or 4 bedrooms.  Again since these have individual owners and often the owners are not the original ones from 2007-2009 due to the housing market bubble, myself included, the actual inside of the units vary quite a bit. My particular unit came with a no frills kitchen, white appliances, nothing special. I've since upgraded but if the owner bought this specifically as a rental property you may not always get granite and stainless steel.  2. All units have at least a 1 car garage. I don't recommend the one car garages as their width precludes putting anything else in the garage. Even the 2 car garages really only work for 2 cars if you don't store anything in the garage.  3. Location location location. We're near the 101, 202, Tempe Marketplace, Chicago Cubs Training Grounds, Mesa Riverview Park, and quite a bit of other shopping.  4. Outdoor locations are nice. We have 2 pools, one hot tub, and quite a bit of nice green space. Most of the green space is overlooked by balconies.  Cons:  1. This place is loud. Really loud. I contribute most of this due to the fact we're near ASU, and the crowd is younger. People will be running around late at night, driving loud cars, revving engines. Oddly enough I have not had any issues with loud music here at all.  2. Security can be iffy. This is mostly due to the security company itself, not the actual people working for them. At the moment we're paying for essentially full time but due to staffing I know for a fact no one is working Sunday or Monday.  I also have heard of issues with people getting broken into or with garages getting items taken. I have no had this issue but I would not doubt it.  3. Parking for guests is impossible. They have improved this slightly by re-assigning more "Permit" to "Guest" spaces in the last year, but on a Friday or Saturday night? Forget parking inside. Park somewhere public and have the resident come get you. It doesn't help the fact there are plenty of "Permit" spaces but you are only allowed to purchase them based on your amount of garage space and bedrooms. So it's Garage Space - Bedrooms = Permits. In my case with a 3 bedroom and 2 car garage, I'm allowed to purchase 1 permit, which is normally fine, but if I have guests over I'd be happy to pay for another permit as the permit spaces are never all full.  You do not want to get booted here.  5. Build quality is a tiny bit suspect. Nothing glaring but when I bought my unit I looked at several, and I know the grout in some of the kitchens was iffy, the drywall was not always hung well on the ceilings. Typical of a larger builder, but it would be nice if the build quality were slightly higher.  Overall, I've lived here since 2011 and it has been a good experience. If you like the area it's a good place to live, but if you can afford it, try and buy a unit, don't rent it from someone else. Later you can keep it for investment, rent it out, and make your money back.

4
0
