1xsbbQlYVzZrLMTc0gyGvA
QbmcCE_cLq4WO8ZMKImaLw
Good food! Big A** portions! Cheap. Minus one star for service.

4
0
5vfSMJ3wfjbw5qbJ6VZPyQ
Reasons not to eat here: HAIR ON MY FOOD. EXPIRED SAUCE. DIARRHEA. RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.   I had 2 bad experiences here and my last because I won't be coming back. On my first visit I ordered a Big Box through the drive-through. I drive up to the window and they tell me they are out of beef!? Seriously? Taco Bell out of beef? Lol I guess...   On my second visit I decided to give this place another shot. Everything about my order seemed wrong.  My Order: I ordered a Fiery Box with a cherry limeade, a Catina Salad Bowl and a side of Lava Sauce.   What was wrong: There was Hair on my cantina bowl!!! Disgusting! Lava sauce tasted and smelled really bad and expired like it was left out for a few weeks. I ALWAYS order a side of lava sauce so i know what its supposed to taste and smell like. My Fiery Box order was not in a "BOX" and just thrown in the bag, Not a big deal but they could've at least wrapped it up properly, the produce fell out and was all over in the inside of the bag. My cherry limeade tasted like they poured cough syrup into it.  I drove back to Taco Bell to make a complaint. I asked for the night manager and  spoke to some Hispanic guy, I didn't get his name. Told him about the hair in my salad and was very inconsiderate, condescending, and rude. He acted as if I had put it in there. He said "why is the hair perfectly placed in the middle? I know we didn't put it in there", I wanted to hit the guy and shove his head up where the sun don't shine. I have nothing to gain by placing a piece of hair on my 4 dollar salad and driving all the way back their, I know I wouldn't  get a million bucks back,  I didn't even want a refund I just wanted to bring it to their attention. Even if i had intentionally put the hair in the salad, customers should be given the benefit of the doubt. I was honest and told him I placed it in the middle so I could take a picture of it and post it on yelp for everyone to see. DUH!? It was difficult to take a good picture of it the way the hair was positioned in the salad. One of the employees said he was sorry and I said  thanks and that obviously your manger isn't sorry. The manager gave me a refund for only the Salad and the cherry limeade and not the entire order. If I was the owner of this establishment I would've refunded the entire order and even gave some kind of coupon for a free meal or something. The manager told me to leave and to never come back. Lol. WOW I AM DONE WITH TACO BELL!

1
0
