256zKOznu7GZp5Q2nbPOhw
nOvUzM8gHkWmDj0eUQTSow
I stopped in about 2 years ago when I decided it was time to take care of my nails once again.  I had stopped getting manicures many years before because I felt like the upkeep was more trouble than it was worth and always seemed to experience breaking.  I had acrylic tips with gel overlay done and they were beautiful!  They were done so well that I was able to go more than 3 weeks before filling and another 3+ weeks before a back fill.  No chips, breaks, separation, etc.  With the length of time between maintenance appointments I kept my tips for over a year and only had to completely remove them and start over once the entire time.  Six months ago, I had the tips removed and began doing the gel manicure.  I love it!  My nails always look beautiful.  It's inexpensive and I still go 3-4 weeks between appointments (although sometimes my nails do break a little when I go too long)  I always receive compliments on my nails and love the service.  Its best to schedule an appointment on the weekends because they are always busy!    Occasionally I treat myself to a pedicure and they always ROCK!  The massage chair is one of the nicest I've ever sat in and the salon is always neat and clean.  I love this place and am a very loyal customer!

5
0
fy1MhKem4i5H3ad_EsBEJA
Burger was average at best, certainly nothing spectacular.  Customer Service was down right pathetic.  We asked for our order to go since they were already stacking chairs at 7:30pm and got home to find out we were one burger short.  Called back and were told there was nothing they would do about it tonight since they closed at eight and offered to credit us one burger as if they were doing us a favor!  We paid for the darn burger and didn't get it!  I called back and let them know I wasn't satisfied with that...  I was shocked that he argued that he felt crediting us what we paid for was sufficient.  After all, my husband and I had to share a burger for dinner, became defensive and asked what I wanted.  I felt he should comp a dinner.  No way..  The floors were sticky in places and greasy in other places.  Ultimately, we were told they would credit 2 burgers - the one we paid for and one free.  Don't want to eat there again though - I will definitely be visiting a manager and getting my $7.99 back for the burger we paid for and didn't get - not worth going back to eat for sure!

1
0
