2bJCoo6LoMqR7fPqjhKJnw
e2BmliYf0c-P7sDzL4miYw
This animal hospital exceeded my expectations! My husband and I were frantically searching on a Friday for someone to see our cat Chevy when his peculiar behavior turned for the worst. He stopped eating, was lethargic, and having issues going to bathroom. We called about 20 different animal hospitals and they all said they did not have an opening until Monday and we should go to the Emergency. We knew if we waited until Monday he would have died and if we went to emergency we'd be broke. Finally someone suggested Dobson Ranch. We called in that evening a little before 8pm and they were able to get us in 8am the next day.   Everyone that handled Chevy was so compassionate. The Vet found a mass in his abdomen and explained best case to worst case. He then explained what they would need to do to determine. I explained although I want my cat saved if it gets too expensive I am not going to be able to afford it. They used my money wisely and decided to do x-ray first and didn't need to sedate him. The x-ray showed a urinary infection. They did an amazing job explaining to me his post care instructions and worked with me on a payment plan.   We were out of there in an hour and a half. Driving away I just cried with joy that they were able to save my cat and made it so simple. The vet even called a couple days later to ask me how he is doing and answered any questions. Chevy is back to his normal lovey, active self! I will recommend this animal hospital to everyone.

5
0
BjgL_oQxIxA6IQepAwG6Qg
Employees are clueless and rude. Worst Fry's I've ever encountered!

1
0
lLC7pJSpnF9CDfL9Gbg-Sg
I love Winco but I really have an issue with the meat. We bought expensive steaks they looked good in the package but when we went to open the package and cook them they looked like they had been cut with an axe and there was a ton of fat on the bottom. They need to train the butchers. I'm really reluctant to shop here now despite the good things.

2
0
Sj-UN60VVcT7HOYbtL_GhA
Fresh and tasty. I love the concept of this place. The layout of the restaurant itself is awkward. You are stuck waiting by the door to get your food and when there is a long line there is no place to wait. Other than that it was great and I will be back. Can't wait for the one in Chandler!

4
0
