2GNLggeTAL5h9tLIXH__NQ
XWpkTxBLgRXxl7g2Hw62Qg
Delicious! I had the salted caramel and my fiance had the pear. Both flavors were truly delectable, creamy textures and served by super friendly gals. Sample until you find your favorite, or have the gals suggest something new (like mixing pumpkin and the cake batter flavor!).  The gelato is incredibly rich, so the small size was enough for 2 nights of desert for me.   Another local treat!

4
0
y75baZnoI51J8WS7NK9FHQ
Total fan for life.  My car battery died en route to pick up an order I placed, and it was well after Floridino's closed when AAA completed my roadside assistance. I sped over there to see if they'd still be open so I could at least apologize in person, and lo and behold, my order was still there, AND they remade it since my fiance called to update them what was going on.   Superb service, food was awesome when we finally sat down to eat. We ordered a small side salad (I think they upgraded me, another kudos),  a half dozen pepperoni pizza muffins and a calzone. The pizza rolls were buttery, just enough cheese and a great chew, and the GINORMOUS  calzone was inhaled in 1 sitting by my fiance.   Take it from an angry, pizza lovin' New Yorker, this is yummy stuff with outstanding service. Support your local joints, come visit Floridino's!

5
0
ciQ_mDcweWDb1nWZSoZC0Q
I had the new girl so take that into consideration.   New girl was very nice but should have gotten more guidance from the owners; the language barrier also did not help. I was asked if I wanted the callous remover and I declined, and just said the regular heel scrubbing would be fine. She kept asking 'sugar scrub?' and I kept saying no. I ended up with no scrubbing at all :/  I was reading a magazine and saw out of the corner of my eye that she placed a clipper tool back in her co worker's station... who just finished with someone else's pedicure so it was already used w/o disinfecting before she used it on me. I didn't realize it before it was too late. She also had me walk barefoot to the drying area, no offer of foam flip flops or anything, not even my own. The owner was right next to her and was very pleasant, but he did not stop her when she was having me walk barefoot, just told her to have me sit further towards the front.  I know a $20 pedicure is a steal but this was not worth it. I came home and scrubbed my own heels and also noticed the polish was a little messy on the sides of my toes so I fixed that too.   Also, carry cash for tip, you cannot add on your credit/ debit card.

2
0
