2jI8hHdVB5BvUALXfq9eJA
7U8TYNW4Mvx6m3zexsO0sg
Old western steakhouse.  It has a definite Southwest theme to it, including very comfortable leather chairs.  Although the interior is kind of dark.    this place has a great crudités platter with home made ranch dressing, as well as some of the best biscuits west of the Mississippi.    The salad was classic steakhouse.  Could not be better.  The Mushrooms Rockefeller was so so.  I liked the mushrooms and the garlic spinach on the side.  But the spinach and sauce on the mushroom was not doing it for me.    The Parmesan potato stack were essentially really good scalloped potatoes.  Garlicly and creamy all in one, but still presented as a pretty dense cube.    The medium rare prime rib was perfectly cooked.  The horseradish sauce was pungent reminding me of St Elmo's steakhouse in Indianapolis.    This place was Awesome sauce.  I will definitely be back!!

4
0
-sAoGZTnFtDZUY9JYWHqlg
This should be called the porn hotel.  Several of us were staying here for business.  We came to the conclusion over lunch that this is less than desirable for a business traveller hotel, unless you are a porn producer.  First the entire hotel is dark!  Have they heard of 100 watt bulbs!   This is where ugly people go to screw.    The rooms have the bed in the middle of the room.  This can be off putting to a business traveller.  But it allows for dramatic 360 degree views of the action.  Did I mention that the room was dark!!! Is makes it a challenge finding the bathroom in this goofy studio floor plan.  The closet is also hidden for those pornos that want to have the rapist waiting in the closet motif.  Did I mention the music.  It is everywhere and loud!  It makes it difficult to have a conversation.  Oh yeah and it sounds like a porn soundtrack.  There are a few suggestions for improvement:   1.  All of the bell men should get 70s porn staches 2.  They need the bell men to wear dress shirts unbuttoned to the navel over day old wife beaters.

2
0
