2m-SeNplZbArwxL-NjjNcA
HvSzADIoexXueDYTD5FY2w
We were highly recommended to this place from The Fertility Treatment Center. This is our first baby so we were very excited. We made our first appointment and when we walked in we were already taken back. Be prepared to "pardon their dust while we remodel". Lol it looks poor and run down.  The front desk staff was very nice. Then we were called back. Dealing with everyone behind the scenes is a different story. The nurses rush you and almost run down the halls with you. It is almost like chaos. They are not personable at all. They don't engage conversation or anything. It is literally, "stand on scale, we ned urine and go to room five".  You wait forever. We have been a few times and they are NEVER on time. This last one was over 30 mins late. Then you get to the room and wait. And wait. Once the doctor comes in it is a very quick look around and "everything's great".   Last night my wife had bleeding and passed a large clot. We were freaking out and called the emergency line. They say they will contact you right back. Trust me, they don't. I am so pissed at this place we are not going back. We are changing doctors immediately. It as if they don't care, you are a number, not a patient. No personal interaction, no care, no worry, no call back, nothing.   I WOULD NOT, IN NO WAY, EVER, RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE. Do yourself a favor and find a different doctor, maybe one that has better reviews on Yelp. We will be contacting Fertility Treatment Center to notify them of this poor recommendation.

1
0
-vCgA4H0O700dZBfjl33rw
We were looking for the ultimate tool and best and fastest way to drive a ton of QUALIFIED traffic to our site and product/service. We searched and tried anything and everything, basically throwing money at the walls, praying (literally) that some dollars stuck. Then we found Genius Monkey.  Working with Jeremy and the team at Genius Monkey is not only pleasant, it is incredible. Their knowledge and the technology that they have developed is the best I have ever seen. Literally. There is no other platform on the planet that can drive this type of qualified traffic for these prices. They have the lowest cost I have seen, and the fact that they charge based on the engagement is incredible, it opens the door to massive branding and impressions.   YOU HAVE TO LOOK INTO THIS! I promise you will not only be impressed, you will join the family. :)

5
0
