2OtyLX95H_5ooT7HA_1tZg
xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ
Great food, but terrible service! Called them to alert them that we would be arriving with a large group of 10 of us at 10 am on a Friday morning. Were told that they only take reservations with 24 hours notice. Got there around 9:45 and was told there would be a 40 min wait. No biggie, I thought. I noticed as we were standing outside, patiently waiting our 40 minutes, there was a large, empty table that was set for 12 out on the patio. I went in and asked the hostess if we could sit at this table outside and was told that there were 2 other large groups ahead of us. Again, not a big deal. At the 30 min mark, we were surprised when we were told our table was ready!  YEA! 10 minutes early.  My excitement faded when we were lead straight to the empty table outside we had been staring at for the past 30 minutes!  ARGH!  How frustrating!!  This was our second visit this year to this place and a similar situation happened on our first visit..they had half the place empty but a long wait time?  I don't think they know how to manage their staff very well.   We waited for about 10 min before our waiter (who turned out to be the bartender from inside) came to get out order. He said he was there to take our drink order and I told him we were all ready to order food as well.  I was told "lets get the drinks out of the way and I will be back for the food orders after"  We all ordered our drink and I was impressed he didn't write a THING down! Needless to say, our drink order was screwed up. When he came back to take our food order, he wrote it all down this time, but was almost rude as he did so. After about 15 minutes our food arrived. One, plate,  and one person,at, a, time. First the bacon, then the eggs..etc.  it was painful to experience.  We of course waited until the last person was served to start eating and by then the first couple of people's food was cold. No one came to check on us during our breakfast and we had to hunt down our waiter to get the check which took another 10 minutes. Again, the food is awesome and the portions are ridiculously huge but the service is worse than anything.  PS: The "sound system" on the outdoor patio sounds like it was coming from a cell phone. TERRIBLE quality.

2
0
zOCdVUKUN3b-obT67Qjyww
Went to Haus Murphy's on a Sunday afternoon around 3pm. This was our first visit so we took our exchange students from Germany with us. We drove all the way from Queen Creek (about an hour) They were very excited about an authentic German meal. They shared the $35.00 "variety" platter to share and I had the Saur Bratten. The food was sub-par and luke warm. The meats were tough and chewy and the schnitzel was over cooked. When one of the German boys asked for ketchup the waitress asked "what are you going to ruin with that?" She then tried to tell them "That's not what they put on schnitzel in Germany"  and proceeded to almost argue with them about it.  I felt this place was overpriced and the service was horrible! I will not be driving back again.

1
0
VrGkQaFLDwkeFdjJ4YbvaA
Great results from Tony! He did a fantastic job on several small dents on my truck as well as a medium one on my hood. Can't even tell the dents were there.

4
0
