2pkzS37Mb9v68xnKtWJCBw
aInwSigdsLHCdBEb0uPL1Q
We received a menu from this place in the mail. We are at the end of there delivery route, so I thought it would take them a while to deliver.  I was very surprise, first this was the best egg drop soup I have had in a long time. The egg rolls were good as well. We got a family meal with a lot of different types of chicken. All wonderful. They were very fast with the delivery as well. They had quoted us 45 minutes to an hour and then were there in a little less then 40 minutes. I would defiantly order from them again.

4
0
jqZL-zsiAcWYakm-wjJBFA
This is the 3rd time I have bee to this buffet. The first time was the week it opened, the second was about a month ago, and the 3rd was tonight. It seems to be getting worse every time I go. This time the staff got us the correct drinks, and they were on top of it, but they sat us right next to the staff break room area and I had to listen to the wait staff talking the entire time. The last time I went they kept giving me diet soda even after I told them 3 times diet soda makes me sick and I need a regular cola. The food has gotten worse every time I come. I think the only thing I finished was my egg drop soup. The chicken, was mostly all fat. I must have tried 4 different types and they were all the same. I did pick up two onions rings, which I know you should not eat American food it is a Chinese food buffet but I thought I would try them and they were rock hard. The chow mein noodles I got was under cooked with no flavor at all. They had some calamari tonight that was also hard as a rock. There sushi is good if you like a lot of veggies in your rolls, which I do. There desert is kind of hit or miss. Some items are good, I had some cheese cake tonight that was really good, but some items are not. I picked up what looked to be a rice kripes treat but I could not tell you what it was because it was so hard I could not bite down. They have the traditional fruit in the desert area, grapes, oranges, and bananas in a strawberry sauce.  They have  ice cream as well which I have never tried, because they can not seem to label it correctly. When I can clearly see that the white ice cream is marked as mint and the brown ice cream is marked as green tea I tend to stay away. For some reason I will never understand people like this place, my husband is one of them. To me it is not worth the $10 for dinner even on a weeknight price tag.

1
0
