2W8kTEcYhkSL2yYSyHxOcw
g4Eit1EeeEGhTVik6AWYsA
After landing in PHX but before embarking on a 2.5 hour drive to Flagstaff, i thought Wendy's would be a safe and easy place to grab some food on the go...well, I was wrong.  * Chicken Nuggets: dry, freezer-burned meat with extra hard double-fried shell.  * French Fries: super hot, crunchy, over-fried french-fry-shaped fry-shells. so hard and crunchy that i thought i was eating french-fry chips.  * Junior Bacon Cheese Burger: bacon and burger meat both tasted dehydrated.  Guess what, last thing I want after a 4hr flight and landing in 100+ weather is hot, dry, crunchy, tasteless food!

1
0
vAOTGsBMJp2ebRCJ6Ny7NQ
I was in the mood for steak after a looong day of dealing with US Air. Both the Hilton Garden Inn front desk and the shuttle guy recommended Monti's right away for steak so that's what we did.  This place is one of the oldest, if not THE oldest, in the area...and you could tell as soon as you walked in. The waiting area had shirts that you could buy. It said something about wiping asses...which is not something I would wear in the first place, much less so when it's supposed to be a restaurant souvenir.  My $21 new york strip was slightly overcooked (I wanted medium), full of tendons, chewy, and not flavored in any way besides the char that was coated on both sides. i asked for A1 but that didn't help at all with concealing the charcoal flavor. My first side of spaghetti was bleh. Noodles were undercooked or dry and "meat sauce" was quite sour with no meat to be found. I added a small packet of sugar which made it more tolerable. My second side of steamed vegetables consisted of 3 skinny jullienne cuts of carrots and few florets of broccoli...definitely steamed, bland and plain.  On the other hand, my coworker said his guacamole burger was pretty good and perfectly medium. It came with big fries.  Little over $50 for two after tip.

2
0
Iuml1UUgrAX1HyU50IWBEw
Almost just like the Hilton Garden Inn we stayed in the night before in Flagstaff, except much much newer (4.5 months old is what I thought I heard).  * Free bottled water voucher * Free continental breakfast voucher for me, and free FULL breakfast voucher for my coworker... wtf! * Free internet * Nice, huge, glass shower * Super awesome shuttle driver who took us to dinner and drove us around ASU and Mills Ave for a quick tour  We paid $77 per person because it was partially comped by US Air, who made us miss the last flight to Atlanta. If not for the discounted price, I would give this place 4 stars...mostly because I'm still pissed that they gave me a "lesser" breakfast voucher for being a Silver rather than Gold HHonors.

5
0
