2WkzhDEj50p_t86vgpIWqA
CuyNmwDOLeMTrbv2c6rNxA
I have been going to Rosita's for years now. First started going to the one in Tempe but now that I live in Mesa I frequent this location most often. If there is one great thing about Rosita's it is the consistency, I have never been disappointed and the food is always great. The food is served quickly too so if you're starving like I usually am when I come the wait isn't long for it to be made. Portion size is fantastic, you get a lot of bang for your buck and a buck goes a long way. The girlfriend and I can get a great meal with leftovers for around $25. The only knock I can give is the service itself, it varies from time to time and usually tends to be on the subpar side.

4
0
yv9gVqydta-y8NHQQ3XPRw
Extremely disappointed in the dinner I had at La Fonda. The service was terrible. It took ten minutes after we were seated for a server to come take our first drink orders. Then another ten minutes before they actually came.. It was 3 waters and a tea, come on now. Then we were served chips and salsa and for some reason this is the only Mexican food place that doesn't give out side plates so the table was full of salsa that had fallen off the chips. Of course we never got napkins or silverware until we asked so it was quite hard to clean up.   When our food came so did more disappointment. I order a chimy and it was all tortilla with a little bit of meat in it, the flavors were nice but I would have liked more meat with the food. The server only came around one more time to refill out empty drinks and then got an attitude when we asked if she didn't mind putting more ice in the glasses. Sorry we had to chew on all of our ice because it took you 20 minutes to come by our table to refill the drinks.   Once the check came she charged our credit card to another tables meal and came back with a receipt over $30 than what ours was. When we brought this to her attention she didn't even apologize she just grabbed the tab and came back with the right receipt and the voided out receipt of the first charge.   Overall I know I won't being going back, such a shame too, they spent so much time putting the place together I had such high hopes. Food was just alright and service was terrible. Not worth the $$

2
0
