3Q1CS2Tqhpb3kTtDXT5Yqg
848HJW-KVeEyOg9HuSV94A
The owner was very nice, greeted my friend and I upon arrival. Showed up 10 min early for a 3pm appointment. Finally met with massage therapist at 3:14. She was good for the short amount of time she was with me. did a good job on my shoulder I had problems with but I also said I wanted full body. I feel like she basically just put lotion on the rest of my body ( Jergens lotion was on the counter when I got up to leave the massage room, I would think for $50 I would have gotten a better quality lotion.) Maybe had I actually gotten an hour I would have gotten a better massage.  The room temperature water they gave me after my massage was disgusting (faucet water)   Was NOT pleased with my facial. One of the creams she put on my face smelled good but the rest of the products felt like drug store products. Especially there was one wipe she would use between cleanings it felt like those little clean and clear wipes you get at CVS. I feel like my 8 year old could have done a better job with my skincare that I have at home (I use high quality products so I mostly was doing the facial for the relaxation and massage) My face broke out immediately which can be normal I understand. My scalp massage was not enjoyable my kids give a better scalp massage. I have gotten a few facials before so I went in expecting what they usually do in my other facials the neck shoulder, arm and leg massage while the mask is settling. After she basically played with my earlobes and hair for a minute she got up and washed her supplies while the mask finished settling which was very distracting.  My facial & massage both only lasted 35-40 min each including changing and consult time.  The reason I gave two stars instead of one is because the massage was not awful & I liked the owner.

2
0
Oqm8u_eI_LVXOMAJ4wzP9g
Yummy food &huge portions. Great for family style sharing! They are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Unique menus they have the traditional stuff and their own recipe

5
0
zzGy7cD_5E6sEhs-__u4Pg
I have never reviewed anyone before but I feel like I got completely blind sighted and ripped off. The only good thing was the turn around time.   I called ahead to get a ball park on pricing as I was on a budget they said they needed to see the dress but they are affordable.    OK so I go in with my toddler they have me put my dress on them she starts pinning to do where to make it smaller for me,  great no problems there I figure I'll get my price once she knows how much smaller in the bust I need it.  Next thing I know I'm watching my 1 year old walk around look down at my dress to find she had CUT the bottom off to hem it without my permission or price.  Her response wad is OK I know what I'm doing I've done this over 40 years.  Itook my dress off and asked how much to altar (iwent in with the main concern being the busy was falling off me,  not concerned about length) my quote was $125, this is after I was talking about being on a budget saying I bought my dress on ebay for $94! I told her I was shocked it was so expensive considering buying my actual dress was cheaper.   At that point my dress was already ruined and I was afraid to take somewhere else that nobody would want to fix what someone already started. (She mentioned while I was doing my fitting people try to bring things in and she doesn't like fixing other people mistakes) I felt bullied into paying and had to pay with cash up front. I was told it was so expensive because it was chiffon material for the hem (the part I didn't ask for but she cut anyways)  She did complete it fast but my hem was too short and WAY over priced.  The other bridesmaids in the wedding paid $40 for alterations.    I went here because the previous review was so good which is why I felt the need to write a review I don't want someone going through what I went through.  I guess everyone has their own opinion of affordable.  $125 to take an inch off the bust and do a hem that's too short and Un wanted is not affordable  to me.

1
0
