3zZa9nCFcGKsjV0rGtBW1g
bCqTMIPvEYUD33yPoMdjwA
I admit that I am a very difficult person when it comes to doctors offices with what they charge and what they have you sign because of so many horror stories I have heard. I came in and had a bad first impression, so it took a lot to turn my experience around! And he did!   When I first went in there, I was asked to sign they have me sign one small piece of paper. It states that I have received a copy of their privacy practices. When I asked the lady at the desk about it, she wanted to know if I wanted a copy with my signature (the same paper I was supposed to sign). When I explained about the privacy practices, she pointed to a framed sign on the wall behind me. At this point, I know I'm being difficult, but then I'm also thinking about how they are violating so many rules and policies right now, and about others that it impacts. So I explain, that I'm not going to sign something saying I got a copy when I didn't. Another customer walks in, she tells me "I will be with you in a minute," helps the customer that just walks in. She must have noticed the look on my face because she called someone from the back to come help and she printed out what I was asking for right away.   I then get back to the doctor and he was incredible! He was so helpful in explaining what was going on with my eyes as well as explained what was going on with the privacy. I can't express how proactive he was to make sure it didn't happen again.   More importantly, he was also proactive in my eye care. He showed that he cared more about my eye health than I did. I had explained some brief things that had been going on, and he asked questions to get to the root that I didn't even realize could be an issue! I read the comment below about the "money guzzler" and here is what I say to that: If you want someone that is going to get you "in and out", this place is not for you. If you want a doctor that actually cares for your eye health and how it can affect your everyday life and future, this place is for you!

5
0
CtYwVSYR-IEJepUPyq6YeA
DO NOT COME HERE!!!  I was in the dry cleaning business for 5 years, and I know from experience that a lot of people get taken advantage and are at the mercy of dry cleaners when they damage clothes. I brought in a lot of clothes in February of 2016 to Bubbles Dry Cleaning. When I receive them back, I noticed that a Blazer and jacket were damaged. They identified my jacket as a trench coat and charged me as such. I did not mention anything about that because it wasn't a big issue. But when I got my new Michael Kors jacket back of the top of the the fabric on the buckles that made them black were turned white. My blazer had a missing jewel that was anchored into the side of a top pocket and the books were extremely bent with some missing. My husband brought them in to get them fixed and was told that the buckles would be replaced and the jacket would be fixed too. The jacket repair wood included replacing all the hooks and taking a side jewel off to put back on the pocket. I thought this would damage the blazer even more because all the jewels were anchored in, but when I talked with her on the phone, she told me the buckles would be replaced and the seamstress would be able to do it. Either way, I expressed to them the blazer was already damaged so I let them do it. About a month went by because of the busyness of life, and I was told they were already picked up and that they would "check the camera" to see if anything was brought in/ picked up. I got a call from Sandra, the owner, the next day saying they were done. When I went to pick them up, the blazer's hooks were fixed, but the jewel was not. Then I looked at my jacket and they colored the white with black marker! How did I know? The edges were the original matte color fabric and the top was shiny. Also, I rubbed my finger on it and black came off. I told them I couldn't accept this because it wasn't fixed as originally agreed and black would get everywhere if I wore it. I left it there with Sean with the expectation that the owner should call me. Since, I have had numerous calls and voicemail from Sean (never the owner) saying they have fixed it to the "best they know how" and if I wanted to buy the buckles, they would put them on for free or give me a $15 cleaning credit. I explained that if they are giving me a suggestion of how to fix it further, then they are not fixing it to "the best they know how." (I have this conversation and voicemail recordings.) Plain and simple, they damaged it, they need to pay for repairs and all costs going into the repairs, or pay for the cost of the item. Also, they advertise new management, but they came in August 2015. I have yet to hear from the owner Sandra at all. I tried going through the Better Business Bureau before coming on here, and, big surprise, they never responded to the complaint.   If Bubbles Dry Cleaners ruins something, don't count on them fixing it.

1
0
