4AaTIpogjcLNzXKb68UcCQ
JxVGJ9Nly2FFIs_WpJvkug
My boyfriend and I have made several attempts now to enjoy the food at Sauce. Unfortunately we have now removed this Italian themed bastard step child of the Fox Restaurant Concepts family. The place just plainly sucks. Service is lackluster and so is the food. Overpriced,bland and void of any excitement. Highlight of the visit was when the upon paying for my food with a credit card the cashier told me to "Like, fill out this receipt", when I asked for clarification he stated "You need to write in the total, tip and sign, most people tip". EXCUSE ME! Why would i tip you? I don't tip the cashier at a gas station, and you pal are not even as cheery as the gas station employees I come in contact with. If my food or service was above and beyond in a quick service setting I would certainly tip (being in the service industry for years I know you work for tip). The definition of bad training and customer service.   Then I realized what truly bothers me about this place....the manager is completely lacking any managerial skills or presence in the restaurant. She was dressed sloppily and we thought she was a customer until she asked us how our salads where. My boyfriend have his usual "Adequate" and responded with "Just OK". She then smiled and scurried away from our table. I see how it is Sauce, you are just trying to be adequate, well that being the goal you are barely meeting it.

2
0
rQ4z0EStSZE4acgkne6Hmg
The most comfortable atmosphere I have ever experienced. The host/manager was very welcoming, one of the few places where I did not mind waiting for a table. We relaxed with drinks in the "living room". Food was good, cheese curds and Vivian Wards were a favorite of the table.   My boyfriends pork was overcooked and they handled it well and quickly. Everyone was very friendly and the service was good.

4
0
gWRNTA2NDtwqSLC5NZxxeQ
I will be the first one to admit that I have a Starbucks addiction and go there each and every day. You may judge me based on the fact I do not support local coffee houses, and that is all fine and dandy. But what I want every morning to start my day is great customer service and a consistently great product. Is this too much to ask? I certainly think not.  Occasionally I visit this Starbucks on my lazier mornings because they have a drive thru. I must say, the level of service, plainly stated, sucks here. They make my drink wrong every time and usually argue with me about it. Last time I checked, if I order something daily I know what is should look/taste like. Please just make it right the first time, and if you messed it up.....just say sorry with a smile and re-do it. Enough said. I will never be back to this location again, even on my lazy days. Having the convenience of a drive thru is not worth dealing with the nasty employees and slow service.  Now if you want a great Starbucks experience I would highly recommend the location at Scottsdale Fashion Square. Every employee there has a great attitude and John the manager exemplifies consistently great service.

1
0
