4i6M_5Xm_5SAV_nMH849DA
U6oNWTxVTnuuCL0BPRZCSg
I was eager to try this place out when I read that it was serving beer and wine.  I know it's always been kind of a dream of many adults to have alcohol as an option when choosing a beverage at the concession stand.  I was even more excited when I read that they were serving Four Peaks brew, along with Guinness, Heineken, and many others.  So this wasn't going to be a gimmick with the small payoff of either Bud or Coors as an option...this had the possibility of being great.    I ordered my ticket online because I wanted to see what that whole reserved seating/choose your seat deal was all about.  Sadly, since not enough people had bought tickets yet, I wasn't able to choose my seat, but was urged to arrive early as to get a great spot.  So I ended up paying $13.00 instead of the $11.75, which is pretty ridiculous.  Regular tickets (when they're not in the Star Class auditorium) are $9.75 which are pretty comparable to Harkins/AMC, but if you want to be in an auditorium that is 21+ and serves food and drinks, then you pay the extra $2.00.    When you walk through the theater, you can't help but feel slightly impressed because it's pretty swanky compared to your regular Harkins/AMC.  That good impression quickly left when I noticed that none of the employees seemed happy to be there, and the lady who looked at my ticket didn't say a word other than "ok" and didn't direct me where to go.  So I had to ask somebody else where my auditorium was.  I approached a second ticket counter where another, but friendlier, employee took my ticket and told me to head down and would find #10 on my right.    To my surprise, the auditorium looked identical to any other I had been in.  I don't know why, but I was expecting wide aisles and possibly fold out tables (for the food) attached to the seats.  The one big difference was that the chairs were wrapped in leather, which seems attractive, but then you sit down.  It's noisy.  You can hear people moving around, getting up, crossing their legs, whathaveyou.  It makes you question whether or not you REALLY need to go to the bathroom, because the noise from you getting up might be too distracting.    It was nearly 5:00 and only a few people had drinks or food, so a few of us audience members were left wondering (aloud) how this was all going to work.  Nicole, our server, introduced herself and asked who needed menus or orders taken.  At this point, the lights dimmed and the previews started.  I was feeling anxious that she was going to be taking orders while the movie was starting, though I took solace in the fact that typical movies have 20 minutes or so worth of previews, so we should be safe.  Nope.  After one ridiculous preview of the terrible looking 'Red Riding Hood,' the movie began.  This is when I really started regretting my choice to see a long anticipated film (Harry Potter)  in a gimmicky theater.  Nicole was taking orders (loudly, I might at) while the opening shot was taking place, which includes a monologue spoken by Bill Nighy.  Never do I want to miss a monologue by the great Mr. Nighy.  Instead of hearing what the Ministry of Magic was up to, I instead heard "do you want the supreme nachos, or just the regular?"  Yeesh.    As the film went on, things were less annoying (despite the server spilling a couple drinks in the top row, and  loudly, and quite profusely apologizing).  About an hour into the movie (HP is 2 and half hours long) I was really getting a hankering for a beer.  Since the concept was in my head, I really had the urge to act on it.  When Nicole had initially introduced herself, she said she was going to focus on this auditorium alone and would be around to take additional orders.  I tried flagging her down when she was going up the stairs, but she didn't see me, as I was deep in my row, thus leaving me beerless.  I've gotten over that, since I don't really want to give them my $7 despite the quality of brew.    What I can't get my head around, is how this works when the theater is crowded.  How does the server step over people when they need to serve something/take an order/receive payment?  My auditorium had maybe 10-20 people in it, and it was pretty distracting as it was.  Maybe I just didn't think about what I as getting into when I got my ticket, but I was just hopeful that I could drink a beer while watching a new film on the big screen without a problem.  I think I'll just stick with my Harkins $1 refill cup and the Cine Capri.  My money and time will be much happier.  The Pros: They renovated the old theater very nicely, and the outdoor area is very pleasant and inviting.    Though noisy, the leather seats recline  and are very comfortable for long periods of sitting.    The screen quality is crisp, and the sound is just as good.    My suggestion is that you just continue to go to your favorite theater, and only patronize this one if your date is only impressed by seeing gobs of your money quickly disappear.

2
0
26rw3T8plfVshUlPCytqtg
It's time!  Mother Bunch time, that is.    Park along the generous neighboring streets, get lucky with a spot in the adorably small parking lot, or lock your bike in the convenient rack directly in front of the door.  When you enter, you'll be greeted by a contagiously happy host who'll ask for your seating preference (bar or table), and direct you that way with magnetic enthusiasm.  I chose to sit at the bar, which was a fabulous decision, though by the looks of the tables and booths, you really can't go wrong.  When I was walking back to the restroom (which there are two of, they're unisex and private.  Nice.), I noticed some beautiful church pews that served has booths, and learned that they were from an old church in Tucson. Very nice touch.    The bar is the centerpiece of this brightly lit establishment, and they've taken great care to make it comfortable and beautiful.  I was immediately impressed by the counter top, which seems to be a granite/concrete mixture with dazzling color in its unique finish.  There's a large blackboard on the wall that dons all of the beer choices, which is easy to read and visually appealing.  If you're in the mood for a mixed drink, there are plenty of choices as they have a full bar (though I glossed right over that and focused on the brews).    My sister and I were shocked that we were able to talk to each other using our inside voices, despite the packed house and classic rock playing in the background.  Must be those magical 1926 acoustics.    It's going to take a minute before they're able to start pouring their own house brews, but they have wisely chosen some great local and craft beers that'll entice a wide variety of taste buds.  My bartender, James, was knowledgeable and eager to please when it came to choosing the best and the brightest.  The Borderlands Citrana Wild Ale is now a favorite, and I had no idea they were making this lovely liquid in Tucson.  Nice.    THE FOOD!  The food.  The menu is simple in design, but complex in its variation.  I chose the vodka citrus cured salmon, and my sister got the steak (sliced prime rib).  We were so pleasantly surprised to see the use of pickled fennel throughout the menu, which you don't see many places, if any!  If you haven't had pickled fennel, get'chu some pickled fennel.   The house made sauce that came with the steak was an absolute treat, and definitely stood out.  But the mashed potatoes were just fantastic.  Smooth, creamy, and perfectly seasoned.  Our one complaint was that we wanted more, like piles more.  Mountains.  The cured salmon was buttery and balanced beautifully.  It was such a surprise to see it as an option on a bar menu, and I'm so glad I chose it.  It came with some crispy bread, capers, onions, a creamy goat cheese spread, and that lovely pickled fennel.  I loved it, loved it.    The prices reflect the quality and creativity in the menu, so it's not your $5 burger and fries place.  I did notice quite a few orders of their home made pork rinds, which were so crispy, you could hear people bite into them from across the room!  You could probably order a couple of those, a few beers, and pat your belly in happiness.  They're probably going to be a happy hour favorite, I'm guessing.  This is a wordy review, but I'm not going to apologize.  I'm so excited that this place exists, and I'm very proud of the owner, Julie, (who was walking around talking to patrons and seemed to be beaming with well deserved pride).  William Hampton is the head brewer, and he has a lot of fun work ahead of him with some fantastic equipment.  I can't wait to taste his first lineup, which includes a hearty oatmeal stout, and some creative small batch concoctions.    Downtown is a lucky sonofabitch to have Mother Bunch.  Quality.

5
0
