4MAEgq0QYqu_wy1Nk8JY2Q
CsYj-3uhV5c4jDue8Dp9FA
Stacy is great for Men and Women cuts and she can handle everything from simple clean ups to full color and extensions.  I've found Stacy very easy to get a hold of and set up appointments and she does a good job of checking in and reminding you a day or so before.  If you are use to a Great Clips or Super Cuts experience and are hoping for the same here?  BEGONE! Your folicles are not welcome here! But if you are use to the aforementioned experiences and are looking to evolve to a higher plane...then step into the light, it is time for shame and darkness to no longer be your cloak.  From the moment you walk in the door you feel this is special...this will be something different. You're offered a cool drink of water or perhaps a glass of coastal California Chardonnay and as the first sip passes your lips you are suddenly whisked away and standing on the Santa Barbara coastline at sunset, being embraced by your lover....ok, not that very last part.  But she's got free hootch and bottled water...and a 1/6 scale sized sculpture of Johnny Depp from the 20th Century Fox Motion Picture "Edward Scissorhands" to put you at ease.  Stacy is easy to communicate with and will clarify all questions before beginning to make sure you're both on the same page as far what is expected. If you're not happy with something let her know, she will do everything in her power to fix it.  If you're not happy, she's not happy.

5
0
RaI4NZfESHbCPu-7Vjv9rQ
Great little neighborhood diner spot.  Decor and view are nothing to write home about, but what are you here for?  To be swept away by the ambiance or have breakfast/brunch.  Food portions are very large so be warned, you don't really need sides and add-ons, don't worry, you'll be full.    Servers are polite and cheerful, it's sort of server by committee rather than one committed server but they do a good job of making the rounds and making sure you have all you need.  The chicken fried steak is my favorite and pretty much everything else I've tried is very good, in all fairness though I never tried any lunch items, but I feel this is more of a breakfast place anyways, it's not as crazy crowded as other places get on weekends.  There will be a wait, but not an insane one.  Only knock on the place is the coffee, it's not bad...but its not good either.  But everything else is pretty damn good for a strip mall diner.

4
0
wUARGt36G3XarRLFWiqFIQ
This is more a review of the place as a concert venue.  It's very hard to find and not much when you get inside.  The coffee bar was open so I had an iced coffee and it was fine.  Don't know about the food items, but if you're someone who eats Vegan, taste isn't generally an issue for you, and if you're someone who enjoys cream in your coffee...well tough shit, Soy Milk it is.  Meh, it's a Vegan & Gluten-Free coffee shop, what are you going to do?  The main issue was when the band came on.  It's very poorly set-up, the guys running the front door were nice enough in all, but I don't think they know how to run a sound board or mic the show right.  I was a big fan of the headlining band and I was never 100% percent sure what song they were playing because the locals were so low and the guitars were jacked up so high it just became a noise blur.  It's just sort of a bummer.  On the upside you can easily meet the band after because it's just a big rectangle room so it's up close and personal.  So take this as a reveiw of it as a place to see a concert.  Otherwise, if you're looking for a place to update your anti Monsanto blog while eating something that resembles a danish but tastes like Lays made a Danish flavored potato chip, only not as good...well like the Talking Heads said; "This Must Be the Place".

2
0
