5BUY3vy_usul8ijpimTr3Q
hW0Ne_HTHEAgGF1rAdmR-g
I am a fan of this airport. They always get me in and out pretty fast. Security here is insane though. If you have more than 3oz. you're shit out of luck. Those guys are good. Stuff which gets through LAX has not chance at Sky Harbor.   The terminals are VERY nice in the Southwest area. Plenty of shopping and things to do. I got one of the best book recommendations from their Barnes and Noble.   Only bad things are how confusing the roads are around the airport and the location of rental cars. It's like a maze. You can't talk on your phone and handle this if you aren't familiar with the area.  Here is my best GEM of wisdom... if you are going to take a taxi- walk over to the other side and just ask the limo guys how much they would charge you. Often it's only $5 more!!! Can you believe that!!!???!?!?! I always take a limo if I don't rent a car. It's awesome and luxurious compared to a stinky taxi who drives you all over town to run up the fare. The limo is a set fee!!!

4
0
-zcZNlO0JwZHppan8rGkBQ
This review will be short because I didn't actually get to eat here. I walked in with 30 minutes until I needed to get through security. For 5 minutes no one sat me even though I got plenty of looks. For 10 minutes no one took my order. 15 minutes after that my food did not arrive. I walked out and told the hostess sorry but I just can't stay.   The menu is very unhealthy, they have like 4 healthy items denoted by a chili symbol. None of them looked that appetizing.   If I were you, I would get through security and find another place to eat. I was on a day trip to Phoenix and had planned on getting lunch at the airport. Since I didn't get to eat here and my plane took over an hour to board (I know! Insane!! Full flight, too many carry on bags and first time travelers.) I was STARVING by the time I got to LA. It really sucked.

2
0
uKSX1n1RoAzGq4bV8GPHVg
In town on business and went here for lunch. FINALLY!! A decent place to have lunch in Phoenix! I am supposed to visit more often but a one day trip from LA to HOT HOT HOT Phoenix is exhausting. I make it out about twice a year. Every lunch I have had has been horrible until St. Francis.  The decor is rustic chic with lovely brick walls, open floor plan which shows kitchen and well thought out architecture.   We ordered the Baked Goat Cheese appetizer and it was VERY good. I think the bread pieces could have been a little softer but overall 4 stars for me.   Next came the craziest sandwich I have ever had. (I don't know if they sell it because I can't find it online...) It was open faced, had some sort of potato salad and large pieces of bacon on top. OMG. Probably the most unhealthy thing I have ordered in a long time but DAMN it was good!!! It comes with Red Quinoa, french fries or chips. I got the quinoa which was the best part of the meal. (Finally something healthy!) I was able to sample the chips though and they were SOO good! I wish I had done half and half.   This is a great option for classy decor, hot waitresses and good food. I highly recommend.   mmm... One last thing. I am obsessed with high quality salt. They seem to be using it here. It makes everything SO GOOD!

5
0
