5HWgTLwBM0_lZLroPOf1QQ
8o7qTYEYrTT3_7c3ObqeLQ
I have decided that I need to be writing more reviews since I base so many of my experiences on what other Yelpers have to say yet I have never sat down to write a review myself. This Vet is going to change that.  I could easily go on and on about how amazing this place is, but it would inevitably repeat what many others have said so I'll try to make it short...ish.  After being TERRIBLY dissatisfied with The Scottsdale Veterinary Clinic I seeked the guidance of Yelpers to help me find a new Vet for my dog Slapshot who was having a mixture of issues with arthritis and stomach problems. After reading so many good reviews of BCVC and comparing them to various great reviews for other places, my gut instinct (and the feeling that BCVC treats 1st time visitors with love and care; many other places have good reviews from folks going there for 20 years. That doesn't help me determine how they are with 1st time visitors) led me to give them a try. BOY am I glad I did!! I called one morning and they were able to get me in that afternoon with Dr. Ryan. She is a GODSEND when compared to the many vets I have visited in the past. She is kind, honest, INCREDIBLY caring, and she understands folks being in financial distress. I dont make much money, so when it's time to go to the vet, I get that queezy, I'm-about-to-spend-$400 feeling in my stomach. Not anymore. After thoroughly checking out Slap's symptoms and actually LISTENING to what I had to say, Dr. Ryan printed out a quote and went through each and every option with me. We decided what was best to do now and what could wait. The quote was for over $400 and I left, HAPPILY spending $179 (X-Rays & Exam), despite the potential that Slapshot may have a life-threatening tumor. She was so thorough and caring that she wanted me to give her a call the next week to bring Slap by so she could feel the tumor and see if it was growing or shrinking, free of cost and appointment. All I had to do was call to make sure she was there and I could stop by.  Turns out, Slap was having some issues with the aspirin we started giving him for his arthritis and after 2 weeks, he was acting kinda strange. We called and talked to Dr. Ryan and she wanted to set up a formal appointment to make sure she had the time to do a thorough exam. After an in-depth exam, we have noticed a decrease in the tumor size and believe the intestinal problems were due to the aspirin. She prescribed 2 pills to help clear out his GI Tract as well as Tramadal for his arthritis as it will not have the harmful side effects of aspirin. (Despite prescribing 3 medications, she is very fond of providing over-the-counter and "natural" forms of relief. Foods you can feed, etc. in hopes of avoiding unnecessary medications, so those who feel like they are always bombarded by " your dog NEEDS to take THESE pills" will feel great comfort with Dr. Ryan)  When we were paying at the counter (which, I forgot to mentioned is staffed with awesome, caring, genuine people who you cant help but smile around and feel like even THEY care passionately about your animal) we were given the total of $42 for the 3 different pills and told that the visit fee had been waved by Dr. Ryan bc she wanted us to come in formally vs just stopping by for a quick check. How can you not LOVE THAT!?!?  Ok, I lied, this isn't a short review, but I just had to tell my story and this is only the surface of it. Long story short. I have NEVER been so happy with ANY Dr experience in my life. And quite honestly, if I go there and face $400 of work to make Slap better, I wont question her judgement one bit bc I KNOW she only has OUR (myself, Slapshot, and MY wallet) BEST interest at heart. She knows how much money things are and if she tells me that I NEED to pay for it, I will. I have yet to walk out that door with ANY REGRET.  I can't speak for any of the other Dr's (although everyone who comes in for care seems to leave the same way I do), but trust me when I say that Dr. Ryan is AWESOME and if you are looking to find a new vet, you should ABSOLUTELY give her a shot!! And the place is clean and bright and the staff is AWESOME and they offer treats and kisses (for the dogs) as you pay your not-as-high-as-every-other-vet-bill. Not sure of the general exam cost but I want to say it is $45 compared to the +/- $65 that I was charged at Scottsdale Vet Clinic (and a few others that I had called in the past). That alone is worth giving them a visit. Dr. Ryan and staff will do the rest of the convincing themselves!!  10 STARS and 4 PAWS UP!!!  Thank You Dr. Ryan & Blue Cross Staff, I have my vet for life!!   - Dustin F. and Slapshot...F.

5
0
LRuIY8JFqadCSYLo242MGg
Meh. Went there for an early lunch with the fiance today after reading so many great reviews here on Yelp. They definitely have a great selection of meats and cheeses and potato salad, if you're in to that but the 2 sandwiches that we had were rather average. They were certainly not terrible, but as someone who lives down the street from DeFalco's Family Deli in Scottsdale, every $8 sub is held to a certain standard.   I had the Italian Sausage and Peppers (and Onions) on sesame sub roll, she had a chicken sub with peppers and cheese (mozzarella?) on wheat. The breads we quite good. We expected her sub to be made with the grilled chicken that was in the deli counter but it was actually made with a deep fried cutlet which was pretty disappointing since the grilled chicken looked so good. I had a couple bites of hers and it was decently good and with some marinara, I would have no problem eating it again (although I would order something else next time).  The sausage and peppers was good. Not GREAT, but good. I had marinara and provolone put on it so that, combined with the juiciness and sauce of the sausage/pepper/onion concoction, made for a messy experience. Again, it was far from being a terrible sandwich, but for $8 I'd like a little more flavor and less "mess".   I'm not saying not to go here. Do it! It's better than Subway or Quizno's, hands down and it's great to support local businesses. I just have a problem spending $18 on 2 subs and a drink and not being completely satisfied.  The reason I go to DeFalco's (and pay the same amount of money) on a weekly basis is because I KNOW I will get every dollar worth of delight out of my sandwich. They have a great sausage/pepper but, as many of you may know, their cheese steaks are what make that place shine. I'll leave that for another review.  CONCLUSION: Hero Factory is good. Good, fresh food, good low-key atmosphere, nice helpful (gun-toting) staff. If I had the option to order a half-sub for $5, this review may have been a little different. I'll go back at some point to order something different, but when asked to rate this particular experience? Meh.

2
0
