5nP6l-445gNGIRwGCPCalQ
yPlBHn0enRuvbTf5Zz-1yQ
Called at 12 and they got me in. Went about my day and picked up my dog a few minutes after they were closed. The lady had no problem staying just a few minutes late. My dog was so happy. When she gets groomed she is normally completely shaken up and has accidents for days. At canine preferred she wasn't even shaky when I got there she loved it so much! So accommodating and such nice staff.

5
0
41j3GB7M-Lwq284Pfb9zgw
I have visited this place on quite a few occasions, none have been fantastic yet I have come back. Tonight has ruined it forever for me. The manager made a mistake and took no responsibility for it, and blamed her staff.  A few friends met for a birthday get together we drank we ate and we payed our tabs and tipped well. After we had payed our tab before we had started our last drinks, since our server wanted to go home on time. One sip in my friend, who brews beer and is very knowledgable, realized it was not what he had expected from the waitresses description. Since we all work in the service industry my friend was hesitant to even bring up the issue. We convinced him to just ask, which he expected to hear a blatant no because the beer is expensive. He asked and the waitress stated "Unfortunately we can't resell that beer... but we can get you something else but I will ask that you taste it first." Which we understood as we could replace the beer they didn't like with one that he definitely did for no cost. Especially since, without any indication she removed the previous drink from the table. The waitress walked away while rolling her eyes.  After the beer came a check came shortly after. We explained to a different waiter the situation and his response was "It's only $6.50". My friend explained that had he known he would be paying for the beer he would not have ordered it but that the last waitress had given the impression that this beer would not be charged. We paid the $6.50. My friend honestly did not want a discount, free food. All he wanted was recognition that a mistake was made and to hopefully prevent this from happening again.  I am currently sitting and listening to the manager (the same waitress that "explained the policy to us initially") blame our original waitress for her mistake. "I can't just say no it's our policy that we don't take any beers back." But if you can't say that and you can't take the beer back then you just leave customers confused. She is taking no responsibility for the fact that she caused the entire situation. The drink policy is on the food menu, which if you are sitting and drinking for hours like we were is not visible when ordering drinks.   Train your managers how to speak to customers.

1
0
