5VrneeQb1cDP8-1BYK-HfQ
kEsKrIJ6M1KOb8UALrpP7g
A little over priced...charging $32 per person is way too steep for a zoo like this, it was nice, but just a little below San Diego Zoo's prices and they don't compare. The petting zoo is fun if you like being yelled at by the gal that was running it that day, a small squirrelly looking lady that got in your face if you didn't close the inside gate all the way. I had my one year old daughter and two younger sisters to keep track of...of course I don't want any animals to get out, but God forbid I didn't latch the gate precisely how she wanted it. She did not need to raise her voice at me. Based on that experience alone, I would've given a one star...but there are other people there that did there job quite well and help make the experience better. The lady that explained the parrot feeding was friendly and seems to love what she does, so the girls and I had a fantastic time feeding the birds. When we went on the train ride, however, the ticket woman was on her phone and it seemed like we were inconveniencing her iPhone time...despite that, we went on the train ride anyway. It's a nice short ride and you get to see many animals hanging out in their little sanctuary...the speakers on the train were a little loud and unclear, but it was nice to get out of the sun and relax for a few minutes. The white Tigers are beautiful, a little difficult to see amidst all the brush, but it was great to experience that. We sat down for some lunch, the high prices were to be expected $9 for my basket of two chicken tenders and some fries, they have wraps that my sister ate up and my Dad had a BBQ Pork sandwich he said he loved. Overall, we all enjoyed ourselves...despite the lady at the petting zoo and the price of admission.

2
0
JM6X0PJBcMkAjOuZqMaZsQ
I was hoping to give a five star rating...but there were a just few complications. Let me start by saying the service was fantastic, we had a party of 8 for my Dad's 60th and we got sat right away at a fantastic table. The hostess was very friendly and explained that we had a tablet with an interactive wine list on it. Very cool! While the atmosphere is a bit loud, we couldn't really hear one another unless we raised our voices a bit, but that didn't bother me since my little girl can get a bit loud at times and it didn't seem to bother our neighboring tables. We ordered two appetizers, the Sweet Chile Calamari which was spot on and the Roasted Butternut Squash Ravioli which was smaller than I expected but still very delicious!  The manager came to introduce himself and thanked us for coming, he gave my Dad a Gift Cert for his next visit (unfortunately we're all from other states, so he gave it to my Grandmother) and made sure we were doing alright.  The back waiter came to clear out appetizers and accidentally spilled my Grandma's water on her lap and oxygen tank...poor thing felt so bad and apologized profusely. They came to clean the mess up and brought a change of cloth table covers and extra cloth napkins for my Grandma. They were very quick and efficient!  The Caesar Salad was exceptional, by the way...I highly recommend it for all you garlic lovers! Our food came and everything was spectacular! They did buy the table two desserts as an apology for the water which were both fantastic and very thoughtful. The waitor took a complimentary photo of our family, although a little blurry, it was such a nice touch to the end of a meal. They printed it out and brought a box of truffles to my Dad to take home, which was very sweet!  I highly recommend this place and look forward to visiting my Grandma again so I can write a five star review next time!

4
0
