5z6Ok5cpBJZYzRmgIiDZLw
BK_xBhh1GQezVEczYl1Zxw
Pedicures are OK but they seriously did an ass nine job with my full set! The color job was horrible (I had the guy which is supposed to be better according the other yelp reviews...I can't imagine what the girls are like).  A nail broke the next day and when I went in on the day after that (only 2 days after getting the full set) they kept saying it was all something I did.  Then the woman who was seeing me kept talking in an aggressive tone to the others in her language which made me feel VERY uncomfortable as I'm almost positive it was about me.  My sister got a pedicure & asked them to trim her nails short...they obviously didn't understand enough English because they did nothing except gently file her toe nails.  Will NEVER got back there!

1
0
e34tIpveepWkpvOuv_boqw
Just went there last night with my boyfriend for a romantic date night.  We decided to try it out because 1) it had some pretty good reviews (minus the space being small they said & no liquor license) and 2) we found a gift certificate for it on restaurants.com.  I am so delighted that we did give this place a chance, it was simply amazing.    Yes, it was small (but cozy & romantic are more accurate words I believe).  Yes it did NOT sell alcohol (they're working on it).  BUT, oh my gosh the food, the service & atmosphere totally make up for those two flaws (1 of which they are working on they told us~ the liquor license).    We sat inside right in front of where teh cooking was happening.  I'm amazed the chef can cook 1) all that food by himself and 2) in such small quarters.  But did he ever cook!  They brought us homemade artisian bread (delicious!), then we ordered stuffed mushrooms wrapped in bacon (the sauce was unforgettable!).  After that we had our entrees, which yes were a little pricey, but when we saw what we got and the quality of the food it was most definitely worth it.  I had the rack of lamb (oh. my. GOD. Seriously heaven on a plate!).  My boyfriend got the surf n' turf with crab meat in a puff pastry and filet mignon (I loved it, but still thought mine was better). No room for dessert, maybe next time!  Can't wait to go back, maybe for their Sunday brunch.  Thank you for an amazing romantic date night meal Centurion!

5
0
