6fH87j1ZkDRPD0CwLdJQQQ
eTbtfgUtfewdncgVf2CbWw
I was disappointed many times over with this place, but let me tell you first about the one thing I did enjoy. The chocolate filled croissant. It was very flaky, buttery, and good (however Fresh & Easy makes some in their bakery too which is cheaper and just as good).  I ordered the Croque Madame and asked for no tomato due to an allergy. I was told that the food was pre packaged (I assume she may have meant pre made) and that I would need to remove it myself. My friend ordered a burger. We grabbed our water glasses, found a table, and started to share the croissant.  We waited for more than 20 minutes for our food to be brought to our table and upon arrival it looked very unappetizing and possibly even pre packaged like promised. My friends burger was over cooked and the potato salad he got was reported to me as being 'just okay'.  My Croque Madame (toast, tomato, cheese, and a fried egg on top) was not good at all. The bread tasted like it had been frozen and then put into a toaster (you know how the edges get super crunchy, but the middle is soggy... it was like that). Trying to get the tomato out became such a chore because of this that I eventually gave up. The egg on top was cooked well, but for as simple as the meal is, I do not understand why 1.) you would have is pre packaged or pre made at all, and 2.) why it takes over 20 minutes to have it ready. Even which my friend ordering a burger, 20 minutes is excessive.  Stay away from the café, but the bakery seems to be alright.

1
0
KO9CpaSPOoqm0iCWm5scmg
We accidentally found this wonder while looking for a place to eat today and finding out the next door restaurant may not have been what we had expected. Sitting outside, watching the activity on the street, and eating a delicious omelette was the BEST thing I could have done this morning.  The charm of the staff and the delicious food will bring me back over and over again. It was so good, my party and I reached out to a passerby who looked intrigued and encouraged them to eat here instead of their usual next door favorite. They were not disappointed either. Bon appetite to all who go.

5
0
