6gVDIhk2Q1XNlKgAUZ3BOQ
0Vty6xYvihX-kmsocY1HWQ
I rating this place LOW because their CLUB HOUSE MANAGER knowingly ripped off out of town players!!!!  I was party to a hole-in-one on a par three. Crazy amazing shot and the first one for my friend who hit this spectacular ball. Afterwards our foursome returns to the club house to collect on his buying of drinks, when the CLUB HOUSE MANAGER congratulates and then UPSELLS my friend on buying a commemorative  paving stone with his name on it. The stone will have his name and iron used on the hole that will be placed alongside the cart path near the hole. Not wanting to pass this up, my friend didn't have the $400 or so dollars to this pay for lifetime achievement. So, myself and another gentleman in our foursome ponied up the cash to make this memory real. The CLUB HOUSE MANAGER has my friend fill out a form with his details, club, yardage, hole and contact info, and collects our cash. Relays he will call my friend once the stone is placed.   Fast forward one year later, after no update call, my friend is playing the course today and the only thing evident is I'm out some cash, there is no paving stone, and I'm sure the CLUB HOUSE MANAGER has no recollection of how he spent the money he took from us.   TERRIBLE! Open theft and lousy customer service.

1
0
o1W6gwCqnJqvdCenLWz5GA
A good life axiom is "a copy is never as good as the original." This typically holds true with food as well. Especially when a friend says, "this place is just like (insert national, trendy burrito brand here)." So when I walked into Gadzooks my expectations lowered when I saw their signage and exposed brushed aluminum decorum copied a particular well know brand. But it's here the comparisons have to end, because these guys are attempting to master the enchilada market.   And wow, do they handle this so well!  Providing a full array of corn, flour, and wheat variant tortillas along with fresh meats and vegetables. Along with a decent vegan selection as well. The customer walks the serving area as the server explains all their featured meats (today's was locally sourced bison). You can mix and match your meats, cheeses and sauces at no extra cost. They do "charge extra for the guac" , but I'm used to this by now. After you've built your masterpiece, your server plates it and puts into a large wood fired oven for a thorough melting of meats and cheese. You can also order an egg to top it off, which I happily did.   Very impressed in this wonderful Phoenix original. I travel multiple times a month Phoenix and I'm positive I'll be making this a regular on dining out.

5
0
