6PFbHhq7aQQkTy40a2K36w
kFVapB4z_5VoOnYazF_ERA
LOVE OREGANOS! Not only is the food exceptional but I have not ONCE had terrible service here. And I frequented here a lot let me tell you. I miss it dearly now that I have moved back to Cali, but when I was at ASU I was a customer at least 2-3 times a month. Its a wonder I didnt gain 200 lbs. Cause it is delicious but I never said it was healthy....Every time I am in town I go to Oreganos once sometimes twice in the 2-4 day visits. Have to its mandatory!  I request you franchise out to California....pretty pretty please!! :-)

5
0
xY1sPHTA2RGVFlh5tZhs9g
First and foremost I would like to say that the pretzel fondue is amazing...although it is something familiar that I have tasted before so I wouldnt go out of your way to go here. Their drink combinations are pretty good. Their food is small portions for the price! Atmosphere is unique and almost every table has a different set of chairs and style which is different.   The reason I am giving Culinary a terrible review in stars is because my poor boyfriend got food poisoning from the Beef Stroganoff! We came into AZ to re visit my college town and friends and he was out all day saturday, most of sunday, and still not up to par on Monday! I realize this was not their fault that their food was possibly contaminated, however, it was the aftermath that I was unhappy with...  I called the restaurant to talk to the manager....he didnt seem to sympathetic with saying things like "did he go to the hospital?" or "I served 27 of that dish Saturday Night and I have not had one complaint yet.".....definitely not looking for any type of discount but with working in customer service for 10 years that is NOT the way to handle things. He was proceeding to tell me the length of time it can take and how it could have been from something earlier that day or the night before...really?! Needless to say even though I did not feel sick from the food I will NEVER return to this restaurant again!!! I wouldnt recommend this place to anyone!

2
0
