6zgApi2-YzlLe1WOTZJDzw
DYlU0YDZyuL8VGz0pCL6uQ
In the world of brick-and-mortar retail stores, customer service is of the utmost importance. Customers have a ton of options when it comes to purchasing goods, and poor customer service just doesn't get you very far these days. I've been a loyal customer of VERDE MAISON in Scottsdale Quarter for 4 years and the way I was treated yesterday was inexcusable. The store owner condescended, scolded, and personally attacked me in front of other customers (and her staff) when I came in for a product refund/exchange that she didn't agree with. In addition, when I shared about some recent negative experiences in the store (i.e. store owner Roxanna never recognizes me when I'm in there -it's like we are meeting for the first time each time), she repeatedly interrupted me and continued to patronize me.  She said I wasn't a "customer", I was just someone that was "upset".  Well, if someone that has spent thousands of dollars in the store isn't a customer, I don't know who is.  Customers want to feel valued, and their perspectives heard - this doesn't happen at Verde Maison.  It was more important for her to be RIGHT yesterday then to save a good customer.  Unfortunately for her, I am very active on social media and this experience didn't end in the store.    This wasn't the first time I've had challenges with her and the staff but it was the last. Think twice before shopping there for natural skincare/makeup needs. There are plenty of other options.

1
0
GZ-jUW2E5avV16byoMVxvA
I searched and searched online for the right convertible car seat for my son to transition to, and decided on the Clek Fllo.  I was happy to find a local store that sold this seat, Strolleria.  Drew was very accommodating when I stopped in to see the seat and learn more.  He actually placed 3 different seats in my car to determine the best fit.  I had additional questions, and he was timely about contacting the Clek sales rep to get them answered.  I decided to purchase 2 Clek seats from him.  In a time when retail is SO competitive, with a plethora of online buying options, the customer service I received here was what swayed me to buy locally.  Good luck to these owners - this is a great store!  SHOP LOCAL!!

5
0
