77js9IltY3IsnDNxoP9t6g
s4gUV_zb8EeYosek2GBB4Q
100% Satisfied. Today is day 2 of my procedure. On day one I woke up and could not believe what I saw, because I saw everything. I immediately took my daughter to our flower gardens and I saw color, shading and detail that had never been there before with a clarity I can't remember ever seeing. While I could see at 20/20 vision with my glasses, this is just different and for the better....MUCH BETTER!!! At my next day follow up appointment I walked in and asked if I get to hug everyone there. While I realized it isn't guaranteed, I was seeing at better than 20/20 vision after Lasik and they said additional improvement is still possible and that the clarity will probably get better after done applying the medicated eye drops. I'm ecstatic now. I can't imagine if it gets better....Are there negatives? Well perhaps the initial recovery. My eyes were a little scratchy/irritated after, but unlike other medical procedures where the benefit of the surgery can take months to realize, you actually "literally" begin seeing the benefits the moment the procedure is over. You will walk away without your glasses. By day 2 I am having zero negative effects. My eyes are not dry, scratchy, runny, etc....I'm putting eye drops in just because.  As for Dr. Kownacki and the staff at Lasik Vision Institute, they were professional and made me feel comfortable and relaxed through the whole procedure. Be assured and glad you choose them if you have the surgery. This is already worth every penny and I can't believe I waited so long.

5
0
QkyN2vqQidQhotvOtPIrkw
My third time here and all kept getting more disappointing than the previous. The pizza has a rock-hard crust. First visit I had the roasted mushroom pizza. I really don't want al dente fungus on a pizza. Second visit I had the Mac n Cheese. You have to step your game up for Mac n Cheese in this neighborhood. I guess if you like really salty Mac n Cheese, this is your place. Third visit, the egg pizza. Seriously, after being open for a couple months, have your oven dialed in so not to dislocate your jaw trying to eat the crust. Total disappointment for a needed neighborhood pizza joint. They do have good beer prices for happy hour. That's a positive.

1
0
