7NcjcM2MYwT_Dmuttpjiag
iZwSI8fB_xa8nPAkwqhJwg
So, I had veneers put on my teeth at 15ish because I didn't want braces...(WHAT was I thinking???) But, because I'm a moody B!@#$, I woke up one morning last year and decided that the veneers MUST go and I MUST have MY teeth back. Not only am I a moody B, but a picky B as well...On a mission to reclaim my mouth, after MUCH researching, I finally found Dr. Danyluk and his awesome team in Ahwatukee. I had braces put on in Nov 07'...it is now July 08' and I am metal free!!!! This ortho is where it's at. He's one of the best at what he does and uses only the newest technology and advanced teeth straightening systems (Inovation-R, iBraces, and Invisalign...). Also, he must be feeding his staff some sort of happy uppers because they are all Stepford smiley and amazing. For kids, they have game rooms, tokens, prizes etc... All around a fantastic experience. I really can't say enough positive things about this place (and I'm HARD to please...)!  If you need orthodontic care, run to this man...he's that good. Check out their website to learn more: www.teamorthodontics.com  Oh...and the best part...I now have a beautiful, veneer-free smile! Yay!

5
0
KwGQqUCpHHhOhVqyOL2QTA
I hesitate to review because I hesitate to relive the experience, but...  Prop up your silicone and enjoy the hot mess that is Jackrabbit.  The 'stars that could have been' breakdown (in chronological order of the evening...):  #1) Nothing says classy VIP and bottle service like faux-strippers...  #2) Everyone loves a Mr. Ed smile on a server right? (just go, you'll see...)  #3) Is that a man or a woman?...Best shimmy spotting evah. (ladies, really? come on)  #4) MILF's livin' the dream...need I say more?  #5) You mean Astroglide doesn't count as lip-gloss?...square.  No, seriously, one star because I L'dMFAO... If, however, you are planning on leaving your "make-the-best-of-it" attitude at home...I'd suggest another venue.

1
0
X7FAAKkwOwaUUpR8QPChyw
If you're big into driving to the middle of nowhere for Cuban food (in a strip mall) (in the desert)...this place is great. (Like, who thought that their target market of Cuban foodies was as far west in 85045 as you can get before hitting the reservation??? Hmmm.)  Ropa Vieja...delicious. Slow cooked cuban style shredded flank steak done right. Even had a bite of "The Infamous Cuban Sandwich"... Everything an infamous cuban sandwich could boast of. Really...yumx2.  I don't think they could have done any better with this space...ambiance fit for a far superior location.  So, where were all the people???  Four stars because the food was fantastic, the service outstanding and the Mojitos near perfection...but, lacking were any other humanoid forms to share the experience. Funny, but I guess I enjoy fellow patrons in encounters of all things cuba, mojito or vieja...  Marketing people...look into it.   Will go back another night and try again.

4
0
