8bKPaEat3AFNAQzbS5j8ZQ
P5a2hK5G64J7DcNwLAPhuA
I was on a business trip and our host suggested this place for lunch. What a mistake. Really slow service. I ordered a side Caesar salad to start and a French dip sandwich for my entree. My salad was brought out after my sandwich so I didn't want to bother with it and let my food get cold. I asked the waitress to box it to go. She said she would box a new salad and put the dressing on the side so it wouldn't wilt the lettuce. The sandwich was terrible. There was seemingly no seasoning at all on the meat. It was really chewy and unpleasant in texture. The au jus was totally flavorless. Massive fail. After leaving I noticed that there was no dressing packed for my salad. Talk about a disappointing lunch outing. We wasted almost 2 hours at this place and it was not worth the time or money.

2
0
1WUxcJDtvGgGUqsFMqJ5vg
I had low expectations for this hotel and was really surprised with how nice my stay was. I was traveling for work and stayed two nights at the Hilton. The staff was overly friendly and helpful my entire stay. Checking in was a breeze. I stayed in a King guest room. The carpet looked like it was brand new and the furniture was in good shape. While the bed didn't have the most comfortable mattress, there were a ton of really comfy pillows which I totally appreciated. The bathroom was nice and the shower had great water pressure. On the downside, the shower leaked through the door and the bathroom floor would have water everywhere by the time I finished.   I realized the first night that I had forgotten a disposable razor and called housekeeping to see if they had any available. They brought one up to my room in minutes and even brought a can of shaving cream.  We ate a few meals at the restaurant and everything we had was really good. Some of the food looked like it could have been served from a fine dining establishment. Not the "hotel food" I was expecting.   The morning of checkout I noticed a charge from the restaurant that shouldn't have been mine on the invoice slipped under my door. The front desk immediately removed this from my bill and apologized for the confusion.   I'd definitely stay here again if I'm ever sent out to our AZ office again.

4
0
