8kygiG8j7dYX7Jms-kt8xA
WtvMpGO6revfY4p0I8DFSA
Elite Nails will forever have my business for pedicures in the Valley. I live in Scottsdale and I drive over to Gilbert to get my nails done because the people in this salon are fantastic at what they do. The place is constantly busy, so appointments are recommended (calling the salon on the drive over is usually enough time to avoid too long a wait for me), although not necessary (unless you're going on a weekend). My pedicures last for a long time (easily a month) and $30 is all it costs for a pedicure (including tip). They take cards, but don't they like adding tips to the cards, so I would recommend paying in cash. I'm not the type of person who enjoys talking to my aesthetician, so the tech's silent 'tude doesn't bother me at all. Bring a magazine and enjoy the clean, comfortable atmosphere.

4
0
AydLCqa6veiY7-uYEczEGg
I've been here a few times since I moved in across the street about a year ago. Usually I'm in for a pedicure and I'm out. Their pedicures are decent, nothing special but appropriately priced. I've tried other places in the area because my brow lady that practices right next door to this place says the manicurists are treated like crud. Next time I'll take that more to heart, but I was in the area and needed a pedi so I stopped in again.  I recently got into the gel manicure trend. I have had a few done at other places and decided to get one while I went in for my usual pedi. My manicurist, Debbie, didn't speak to me at all, even when I tried to compliment her technique. She also gave me a massage while my hands were in her hair which I was turned off by.  The polish on my thumb chipped the next day. I know this isn't the norm for gel manicures so I went back after work. The manager at the desk listened to my complaint and attempted to fix it herself.  She didn't remove the remaining (unchipped) polish and instead tried to file the remaining polish down to my nail. She then slapped more polish on. When she was done and asked for my approval I said it looked lumpy (it's a duochrome polish so the lumpiness is enhanced) and she attempted to fix it by putting on more topcoat.  My nail is still lumpy and I will not be returning.

2
0
