8lISUpYY_RRvQXT48d8riQ
uchuMhsItIZOtD33p4KBaQ
My best advice... KEEP Driving...even McDonalds would be better than this place.   I will say we had been several times for ice cream at the old location on Power and Chandler Heights, and we had delicious ice cream and enjoyed the little shop etc... the new Location is at Higley and Chandler Heights.. is not so cute, let me tell you... if they moved because they thought the problem was location... UM, NO its NOT LOCATION that is the problem!   When we walked in it felt warm and dark and had an odd scent... the lighting was AWFUL, there is an old.. Ice Cream Cart thing right when you walk in with all sorts of Local papers, you know the stuff people browse on a Sunday AM, when eating alone... well, anyway, it was a mess... so lets move inside... there are several plants, I assume to make the place welcoming and warm... they were all dead, or dying... ;( they could at least water the plants!   Lady says take a seat... it was me, my husband and our 9 week old baby in her carrier... so, the set up in this place is AWFUL.. 2 booths on the left, that can only seat 2 people...on the SAME side, and Face the window/ door we just came in.. another booth there, taken, so, we look, there are 2 booths on the FAR wall, one is taken, the other has direct sunlight shining on the whole table... umm, it was 105 at 9:30 AM, No thanks to that one, then another booth in the center of the last wall, taken by a waitress... i assume the owner and a girlfriend having coffee, and then several stand alone tables all miss moshed... so at this point I am slightly ANNOYED, but I LOVE breakfast/Brunch and would love a place me and my baby daughter could go on a regular basis, so I am keeping an open mind...  Well, it did not take long! The Coffee was the worst I have EVER had... I LOVE coffee, and I drink ANY coffee when the need be... I took 2 sips and was like, NEVER MIND.. and ordered a diet coke... which if I was the waitress and I had JUST brought you a cup of coffee and 2 seconds later you order a soda... I thinkI would ask if something was WRONG! NOPE, she did not care the full cup of coffee just sat... oh and there was no cream, and nothing to stir the coffee with?!? Had to ask for Cream and then a spoon... so you would think after returning 3 times with stuff for my coffee it is weird I did not drink it... but whatever... I am still open at this point... I put my arm on the table.. and YUCK, it had not been cleaned, I take out a germ wipe... and begin to wipe the table down, the lady I assume was the owner and the waitress both see me go through 2 wipes, which have turned almost BLACK, and they again never say anything...odd... I thought.... so now I have a clean table, coffee I can't drink, and a soda on the way, so we order our food...   I got an omelet with cheese and mushrooms, my husband got Chicken fried steak (which we later learn is not fried at ALL) great for health reasons, and he said it tasted ok, but would not order it again. the Omelet was good... the house potatoes were AWFUL could not eat them, well first of all they did not stay on the fork, they were really think, and sort of hard and it was weird... no flavor, and Chewy... so weird... how the hell do you mess up POTATOES.. they obviously were cooked in advance, like maybe days in advance... not sure... anyway, I get 3/4 of the way through my meal, and I come across a small piece of BLUE PLASTIC.. weird, almost like part of a wrapper, like the stuff they shrink wrap around bottles so they do not leak... anyway, then another bite I find a HAIR, YES a HAIR! I was completely and TOTALLY DISGUSTED AT THIS POINT. I told my husband get the bill and lets get the hell out of here.   As we were paying the owner brings us samples of fudge.. i must say THAT WAS DELICIOUS! and she was REALLY nice, and told us all about the no fried etc. etc... but HONESTLY it was just a BAD experience... they should stick to ice cream and Fudge, maybe a sandwich or something, but as a CAFE/Ice cream shop they do not WORK... I have little confidence they will be there in 6 months, there only hope is they are right next door to Taco Bell... however if you gave me the choice... Taco Bell would win EVERY TIME!   Good Luck Apple Dumpling Cafe... you are going to need it!

1
0
023OzoARRfuaNVPqaDB3qA
If you are looking for the Aveda experience, well, here it is, right here in Gilbert!  I must start by saying I am VERY serious about my hair! As we all are.. so, that being said... I spent some time on an assignment up in Portland OR., while there, I found a GREAT Aveda salon, right next door to my apartment... I LOVED it, and upon my return, was looking for a change, as I had decided that I needed to find a salon closer to my home. I have a toddler at home, and needed to be able to get in and out fairly quick.  SO my husband suggested I find an Aveda salon since I SO enjoyed the one in OR.   I was pleased, upon my search to find Satya... at San Tan Mall, 5 miles from my home in S.E. gilbert! YAY! I will start with it is NOT a full serve Day Spa that I was hoping for... however, I was VERY pleased with the service they DO have... they have a store front in front of the salon, for all the products, and the full makeup line! I LOVE the Lip Gloss!   I made an appointment, and chose Sabrina, she is SO nice and really listened to my concerns about my hair, she took it all in, and I walked away the first time breathing a HUGE sigh of relief! She did EXACTLY as I asked!  I then decided I could let her do my color, and she again, listened to what I wanted, offered an opinion, and in the end, I walked away PLEASED, and feeling beautiful!  I always get a hand massage, and a touch up makeup treatment at the end! I leave Satya SO happy EVERY TIME! I am relaxed and I feel like a new woman!  The Salon is not HUGE, and it is not "Fancy", but it is welcoming. If you are looking for something new, give Satya a try!  My only wish is that they had FULL SPA service, I do miss my Aveda pedicures and manicures!

4
0
