8nX4URPOQxDMsYHuuc0fgg
ouX-4OXTNFj7NpQEaf6Rnw
I am literally counting down the days until my lease ends. (27 days if you're wondering). Since the week we moved in, we've had plumbing issues. Issues with the garbage disposal (broke from disposing cucumber slices) and bath drain clogs (and backing up from the disposal). They completely have shirked responsibility and said that we must pay for the repairs because it's evident we lodged something down the drain. They won't even send for a plumber until we agree to pay, regardless of the item being ours or a previous renter's.   THEN,  2 months ago they lost our rent (we were able to prove that they received our rent and then lost it) and they never apologized.  THEN,  Our AC was broken two weeks in March, so it wasn't brutally hot yet, but they didn't fix it for two weeks. And it was still our fault that the unit on the roof was damaged?! I'm surprised they could even insinuate this because I don't climb ladders on to the roof and break things.   THEN,   Our AC and tub both clogged yesterday right after their office closed. I called the emergency maintenance line (as I have an 8 month old and it was 100 degrees-- literally-- in my house) and didn't get a response at all. I called again as soon as they opened this morning and this newer maintenance guy (I hadn't seen him before) came to check it out. It turns out that the issue is AGAIN with the unit on the roof. Luckily, it's still under warranty so it will be fixed. BUT it must be fixed by the manufacturer and they don't know how soon they can get someone out. It's 110 outside. My baby is crying from the heat. AND I can't even bathe him to calm him down. As far as the tub, they won't call until we agree to pay.   In summary- DON'T LIVE HERE. In addition to what I've stated here are some reasons:  The windows are not insulated. A conversation 30 feet from your house sounds like it's RIGHT outside your windows.  The units are old and have lots of weird problems.  They don't enforce pool hours or quiet hours and kids are in the pool as late as 1AM screaming.   The office is COMPLETELY unpredictable as to when they will be there and hardly ever answer the phone. This is a staffing issue as there is only one person staffed at a time.   They don't have a drop box for rent.  Meaning that you have to ALMOST ALWAYS wait outside the office for someone to come back from showing a unit or eating lunch. And if you can't, then your rent could be late.   There are more reasons but I think you get it. DON'T LIVE HERE.

1
0
2Fu-3soG-vXrZ6LHUVo1GA
I've just finished dealing with 180 Auto in the last few days.  First things first: I bought a car off craigslist without having a mechanic look at it (I know, I'm a dummy) because the seller disclosed what her "mechanic" had diagnosed to be a $200-300 repair. She discounted $300 and we bought it.   I had a mechanic that specializes in emissions repairs look at it, and he determined that the issue was in the cylinder itself and it would cost upward of $1200 to replace.  Enter 180 Auto. I brought my car there and was met with the most rad lobby area. It wasn't full of rims and car magazines. The furniture and layout was super modern and very well kept. There was an area with toys for little ones, a Keurig machine, bags of goldfish for the littles and lots of locally made goods/art for sale. After a ton of basically free diagnostics (my car was there almost two days), I walked out the door with the same diagnosis as the first mechanic.   The whole situation REALLY sucks but the reason they get 5 stars is the INCREDIBLE amount of compassion and kindness they showed me through the whole process. Doug, my point of contact, explained everything to me in a way that I could understand. The only "up-sell" was an oil change that was VERY overdue anyway.   Bogi- the owner- is super rad and again awesome at explaining the whole thing to me. These are definitely my go-to mechanics from now on.   But, for now, I'm stuck with a car that drives fine but won't pass emissions. Which is sad. But my fault. But still sad.

5
0
