9-QKR5TcSXsUv_se5PF13A
0KpfB2WH6NvThfp2J98sAQ
I usually go to Gunnell's to get my oil changed but my wife and I just moved and this Jiffy Lube was the closest place. So I sent my wife there to have her oil changed and tires rotated, and when she came home she brought me a bill that was over $80. EIGHTY DOLLARS!!! She only had them do a routine oil change and a tire rotation! For one thing, any other service station will do a rotation for FREE if you are doing an oil change at the same time. Apparently it will cost you anywhere from $20-30 at Jiffy Lube. I went back to talk to the manager about the exorbitant prices and he explained to me that Jiffy Lube techs go over the prices with customers beforehand (something that was not done with my wife). After explaining that my wife DID NOT approve an $80 service fee, he told me he wouldn't give us refund and that I would have to call their corporate office if I wanted to pursue it further. Terrible customer service and lack of listening.   If you want good prices for an oil change, go to Gunnell's. Maybe it won't be as quick but it will cost less than half as much. Needless to say, I will never go to Jiffy Lube again.

1
0
GfMRsE7rYqNyfC6wUYZkzA
This place is pretty good for the price. You can get a very large and tasty meal for under $8, which is rare these days. The staff is friendly, and it's kept pretty clean. I've seen reviews from other people complaining that the menu is limited and the food didn't dazzle them...both true...It's your average teriyaki joint. But average food joints have their place, and at $8/meal, the food and environment here is at the upper end of average. Which, in my mind, is the definition of good value. I'll definitely be coming back here.

4
0
nwWpKoY5WxLJaZx-17Y2Mw
I am a Dickey's regular. The food is seriously way good. But every time I come to this location, I'm very disappointed by the poor service. And I have visited this location a number of times. The people behind the counter are inept...They are completely incapable of seeing a need and responding to it appropriately. I brought my wife here for her first Dickey's experience (poor decision on my part - she's not a fan of bbq to begin with). She will probably never come back again with me. Here's a list of annoying things that happened on this visit:  1) We waited in an average sized line for a much longer than average amount of time.   2) The guy behind the counter screwed up my order after I repeated it to him twice, and he repeated it back to me.   3) I ordered a side of jalapeño beans and the girl only filled the cup half-way.   4) The tray that my food was on was filthy and greasy.   5) The restaurant was in a dire need of cleaning and upkeep...the floors were disgusting, the trash needed to be emptied, the drink fountain was gross, the bbq sauce station needed to be wiped down, and tables were not being cleared after people left.   6) The ice cream was out - the only thing my wife was excited about.   7) You might be thinking "Maybe they were just short-staffed." Nope. As we were walking out the door, I just happened to notice one of the employees sitting on his duff, taking a break while all of the above stated issues went unattended.   This seems to only be a problem at this location. Whoever the Owner is, they seriously need to reconsider their staffing decisions. I will continue to go to Dickey's but will avoid this location whenever possible.    UPDATE 4/14/15:  I sent a personal message to Dickey's B. per the request in their reply below. It has been 3 weeks and I have not heard back from them. In all fairness, I have not been back to this Dickey's location to see if they have addressed the concerns listed above. But my above review will stand until I either have received a response from them or I go back to this location to see if it's any better.

2
0
