9AmjFWf2LiZPt9zn2mdKAQ
sgZwUkKSpFQxE2v1hE-hcQ
I've driven by the Rustic Cafe everyday and decided to give it a try for the first time today.  Saddly enough it will probably be my last.  My husband and I are pretty easy to please when it comes to breakfast: good service, good food, and a reasonably priced menu with a good selection to choose from.  One out of three for Rustic Cafe. (The menu is big and prices are fair)  Seeing as today was a Sunday and I would assume pretty popular for breakfast we weren't surprised to see the place busy when we got there.  The hostess however was visibly frazzled by the large group that walked in before us and how busy the restaurant was.  We sat at a table for two, in what I assume was the "bar".  Unfortunately no one came over to greet us or take our drink order so the hostess came over to do so.  After we waited a few more minutes, still no waitress.  Finally after sitting for a while someone came to our table explaining that while they weren't our server they would take our order.  Our food was then delivered by our actual waitress.  The food was fair, but my husbands omelet was pretty greasy and left something to be desired.  While our waitress was pleasant enough we asked for a few things while eating and she never returned with them.  We sat around after we finished our meal and waited for our bill but again our waitress was nowhere to be found.  The hostess that originally helped us was finally the one who took care of it for us.  We usually like to support local businesses but in order for us to return to the Rustic Cafe there need to be some serious changes made.

2
0
Pg8OPh1D2ws0xO-I-8ppoA
My husband and I decided to go to Upper Crust, I will admit, because we had a coupon.  We live north of the 101 and there aren't very many places to choose from up here, we were excited at the opportunity to try a new place at a discounted price.  We received a coupon for 1 free dozen wings with the purchase of a large pizza and decided to give it a whirl.  We arrived around 6:45 on a Friday evening and decided to sit in the bar- the place was busy but there were still a few tables available.  We sat at a booth and were able to have privacy in addition to a view of plenty of televisions.  It took a little while for someone to come over and greet us but that is my only complaint about the whole experience.  I ordered a glass of a house red wine, on recommendation from the waitress and my husband got a bud light draft ( both were discounted because of a HH special that lasted til 7!!!).  We ordered wings as an app and they were FANTASTIC, as a side note a dozen without a coupon will run you  $6.00- which is nothing considering how large the wings were.  We had the honey hot, great flavor, good size, a lot of meat,  we will definitely order those again.  We then put our order for a large pizza (neither of us was that hungry anymore b/c of the wings but the coupon required the large) and the waitress even tried to down-sell us on the pizza, letting us know that their large is more than enough food for the two of us. We appreciated the consideration but had the coupon so ordered the large.  Our pizza had sausage, garlic, and pepperoni...and was fabulous.  The amount of sauce, meat etc was perfect and the dough was amazing.  My husband actually commented that the lady next to us wasn't eating her crust... he couldn't understand why she was wasting it when it tasted so good.  We ended up with extra slices to take home for leftovers and overall a great experience.  I highly recommend trying out Upper Crust, it's a nice local joint with good service, great food, and reasonable prices.... a combo that I think is hard to find!

4
0
