9kJXIvAABc__2MnzhkLeqQ
l5FvoKE2-k6JpGVuhH9YVA
After a long day of driving, my boyfriend and I were craving some Japanese food. So, a quick look-up on Yelp, and we found this place. I have to admit, we drove straight past this place without even seeing it and even when our map directed us to the plaza, we still thought we were in the wrong place. The signage outside really made me want to turn around and leave, but I had to trust the reviews!  The restaurant is quite small, with only a few tables and some seats at the bar. When we came, there was only one other couple, so we had our choice of tables. We were immediately greeted by our waiter, who offered us a few suggestions of things to get. We decided on a chicken teriyaki bento with veggie tempura, along with a tootsie roll and a salmon roll. A few minutes after ordering, he brought over a miso soup (which was included with the bento) and two little dishes of cucumber salad and imitation crab. The miso soup was pretty watery and didn't have much flavor at all, but the cucumber salad was really tasty. I ate my dish as well as my boyfriend's.  My boyfriend enjoyed the chicken teriyaki. He said it wasn't dry and overcooked like some tend to be at other restaurants. The veggie tempura was nice and crisp and wasn't soggy. I thought it was kind of weird that the tempura dipping sauce was cold and not warm? Unless they are usually cold and I'm not remembering correctly? It was a little odd to have a piping hot piece of tempura with a cold dipping sauce. The tootsie roll was good, the shrimp was perfectly cooked. My favorite was the salmon roll because it tasted so fresh. I know a lot of technique and ingredients don't go into a plain salmon roll, but I liked it the best. Sometimes, its hard to pull off simple rolls.  We were really happy with all the food we got and were even happier when we got the check because we were expecting to pay a lot more! It was definitely worth trying this place!

5
0
AFnknvdADQyxTvKNXJo6wg
This is a prime example of when a place is easily outweighed by the bad things than the good things.   My boyfriend and I had walked around the entire Arizona Mills mall and were really hungry. After looking around the food court, Mo' Burger seemed like the best option so we got in line.  I pretty much screamed when I saw they had tempura battered portobello mushrooms and decided I absolutely had to order some. So we got those as well as a hamburger on an everything bun and a cheeseburger on a potato bun. My boyfriend made his a meal and got a drink and fries. We sat down at a nearby table and waited. And waited. And waited some more.  It wasn't until about 15 minutes after we ordered that our food came out. I was not pleased by the guy's attitude because he thought it was okay to basically throw our food on our table. Almost spilling food on your customers isn't good service. (After sitting and eating for a while, I noticed his attitude extended to the other customers as well as the workers. He would shout and push past people waiting in line to order and bark at the cooks. He frequently sloshed and spilled beers as he was bringing them to tables. Not once did he go back to clean up the mess he made. Customers had to step around the spills. Talk about unacceptable!)  Despite his poor attitude, I was still extremely excited to try the mushrooms. I took a bite and burnt my tongue, it was so hot. BUT, that was a great sign to me because I knew they were cooked fresh! They were so crispy. I loved those tempura battered mushrooms, but they would have been ten times better if they just seasoned them! A little salt truly goes a long way. The rest of the food, sadly, wasn't impressive. For starters, even though I asked for an everything bun, they gave me a potato bun and by that time, I was too hungry to argue with them and send it back, so I just ate it. The potato bun was so doughy and and the burger itself was average. The thin cut fries would have been good if they weren't dripping in oil and soggy beyond belief.  So, I would only ever come back for those mushrooms, and really nothing else.

2
0
