9lmDaFgmLq3xNTEQtvqmsg
5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg
Let me preface this by saying this used to be my favorite restaurant in PHX... This experience has changed that...  I made a reservation for 11 5 days before the dinner at 730 pm on a Sat..  after arriving promptly at 730 we were forced to wait 20 minutesonly to be sat at 2 separate booths...  Completetly defeating the purpose of a group dining experience..  Now the bad part...  For dinner I ordered off the special menu a wild boar bacon wrapped bone in beef tenderloin cooked rare..  I received a baconless well done hunk of meat...  I pointed this out to the waitress she took the meal hoping to have it prepared correctly..  a few minutes later the manager approached the table and informed me they were out of the bacon ( one would think they would know that before the meal was prepared and attempted to slide this past the diner). I was offered a replacement meal , but declined and decided to go with the soup.... This prompted the manager to inform me it was a spicy dish to which I accepted and said it was fine, he proceeded to inform me of the heat of the dish 2 more times both times I assured him this was fine leading him to question my order again at which time I was in disbelief and asked if there is some reason he doesn't want me to  have the dish..   this was enough to finally agree to let me place the order the soup came and was excellent and spicy.   I managed to persevere through the heat and eat the whole bowl ( I enjoy spicy food).  This ruined the whole experience for me ..  luckily everyone else's meals were enjoyable its just disappointing being treated like that at a place I thought so highly of and do everythingin my power to get people I care about to do it....  A sad day

1
0
pQ3kRVmttsV1bHxuTf7TAg
A very unique experience... and a great selection of beer... Ive never had a bad time there ... No food kind of stinks but they have limited space and there are other options around... a great place to start or end the night... and catch some live music

4
0
41j3GB7M-Lwq284Pfb9zgw
I have yet to have a bad experience and have been there plenty.... I would take any person here even if they dont drink, the menu is unique and delicious... The Tuesday TV dinner is a fun thing to do on a Tuesday night and the price is right ($10).  The beer taps are ever changing so you always can expect a new experience..  There is a lot of pride in ownership, everytime I have been one or both owners have been in the building walking the floor.  The staff can sometimes be aloof but never anything too bad and something that will be worked out over time and experience... A great time!

5
0
