9LZP7Ll7N9zkuWfA5DUAYw
P5uC-zfGG6yqoQDUyqyAvg
THIS PLACE RULEZZZZZ!! Was in Scottsdale meeting up with a couple of my friends from Tulsa for the New Year and we came here on that Tuesday evening.  The wine list was pretty extensive and had nice, good wines.  I did not drink the vino, but was super impressed that they had My ALL TIME FAVORITE vodka!  They actually had Van Gogh vodka, which seems to be kind of hard to come across.  It's espresso flavored vodka, which was amazing.  The wait staff was decently friendly, considering our crew was a bit rowdy after a long dinner (we shut down Rancho Pinot) and I enjoyed the atmosphere.  Pretty loungy and they had nice, comfortable couches.  Next time I'm in Scottsdale, I'll be back.

4
0
48GT-uIRnHp3rHvdRsgC_Q
I was not so impressed with this restaurant.  Went with 3 friends that night after NYE and was expecting much better. I think it's supposed to be higher end American cuisine.    My first problem is that they wouldn't serve me alcohol.  YES, my ID and debit card did get stolen the other night, yet I had a copy of my passport with me which you could clearly see my birthdate.  The rest of the table ordered a bottle of wine and one of my friends ordered straight citron on the rocks, so I was able to have that :) HAHAHA, we fooled you.  The food was so so.  I highly recommend the olives as an app - they were delightful and seasoned perfectly.  I started with the beef barley soup which was great.  Another person at the table ordered the caesar salad which looked delicious.  It even came with capers and had a ton of parmesan cheese on it.    For the entree, I went with the duck.  Eh, not so tender and a bit over cooked.  It also came with 2 different types of beets and i HATE beets. Maybe I should have read the menu better...  All in all, this place was OK, but I would've preferred to try the sushi restaurant across the way, which was closed :(

2
0
VmRmj-IspfzXZdVYCaOOMA
I came here because I got a sweet deal on a 2 bedroom suite for $99/night.  WELL, this place sucks. We were here for 3 nights and got maid service ONCE after asking for it two times.  The staff is not very friendly,  nor helpful.  The gym sucks, too.  The machines were old and there were tons of kids in there horsing around making the gym experience beyond awful.  The suite was okay.  It was pretty large with a full size kitchen (that we didn't necessarily use).  The pillows sucked, way too soft in my opinion.  I ended up stuck at the Asada bar on New Years Eve b/c my ID and credit card got lost, so I couldn't go to the W Scottsdale NYE party.    Apparently, the hotel found my ID/debit card and didn't even call me! They called one of our guy friends who happened to be staying at the hotel that same weekend..  My friend became friends with the van driver (they had a free shuttle service that took you anywhere as long as it was within five miles of the hotel) and apparently he found my ID in the back of the van.  He didn't even call me (the guest, who's name the room was under)! He called my friend who then called me. Talk about horrible customer service? I then had to call the hotel and be like, "Sooo, I understand you have my ID??"  They were supposedly sending it to my office, although that was 7 business days ago, so it's doubtful my ID and debit card will actually show up.  This place sucks and I won't be returning.

1
0
