9o71u2R4Fx_rTnbpbzObbA
PmPOuRvuN3CoNOi1nBj_TQ
Our first time dining here, our waiter seemed visibly disgruntled that we only ordered a couple of cocktails, an appetizer and soup. We just wanted to check it out.  Thinking it was just a fluke, we decided to go back again a few months later, craving seafood and a taste of the south. After being seated we noticed a tray of dirty dishes in front of our table, unattended to, and waited 10 minutes before being greeted, but were happy to finally be able to order cocktails. We waited another five minutes for water to arrive at the table via server assistant, all the while (since being seated) staring at the tray of dirty dishes from another table being unattended to. After another ten minutes of waiting for cocktails we thought we should maybe get up and leave. As we were talking about this, our waiter arrived with our drinks.  He mentioned the bar was backed up (yet, never came by our table the entire time we were waiting to let us know). We let him know we were unhappy with the wait and were just about to leave, but we decided to stay and order: crab claws and boudin as appetizers, beef filet and mahi mahi as entrees.  We waited another 25 minutes for our appetizers and a chance to order another cocktail (our waiter again didn't stop by the table).  We got a water refill by the server assistant though. You would think at this point a manager would have stopped by to check on us, but no.   The crab claws were tasty.  The boudin, when cut open, smelled and tasted rancid however.  We were actually grossed out. When the waiter came back to ask how the food was, thankfully just a couple of minutes later, us being already irate, my date answered "this boudin tastes like shit".  The waiter apologized and said that he would send a manager over to take the dish away.  Really?  Can't you just get the dish away from us?  Ten minutes past as we tried to ignore a dish we didn't like the smell of and eat our crab claws. Just then, the tray of dirty dishes in front of us was cleared. Just after, the manager arrived.  Instead of having the dish taken away immediately, she held it up in front our faces, asking what we didn't like about the boudin. We mentioned the "boudin" smelled, and then... she tried to correct our pronunciation of "boudin", and mentioned some tasting notes about the dish. My partner  replied, in more colorful words, that he was born and raised in New Orleans, and that that dish was not "boudin". She then apologized , said she would take the dish off of our check, and left with the dish. No mention of the long wait times or dirty dishes came up from her.   Our entrees arrived. My mahi mahi was actually delicious, as was the filet.  Our waiter was attentive in checking back on us.  The dessert tray came around, and we decided on a fudge brownie. When the brownie came out, in a reasonable time, our entree dishes and silverware were still on the table. Instead of clearing our last course and then giving us our dessert, we had to push our dirty dishes aside before they put the brownie in front us, along with new forks and spoons... then took our dirty dishes.   We then asked for our check, looked it over and paid promptly. We couldn't help but notice though that there was no follow up visit from the manager or even an offer for dessert on the house, considering the experience. We left a 20% tip anyways. On the way out, no management or any other staff said good bye to us.  Why two stars instead of one?  You can thank the mahi mahi and filet.  Why am I so persnickety about this experience?  Because if I'm going to spend $200 on a dinner, regardless of the dining environment, I expect at the least good service, without disagreeing and negligent management.  So close to our house, but we choose to spend a couple of franklins on dinner somewhere far from here.

2
0
JrQuZeFYMOyO7pgt2QsS0Q
I don't have many barbers to compare to (my first and only other barber took forever and cut me up with a disposable straight razor), but I must say Matthew is fantastic. Better experience than most salons my stylist friends work at. Friendly, professional, fast, affordable. The atmosphere is so comfortable and fun. I come out feeling great, looking like a million bucks and feeling relaxed after the scalp massage. I won't go anywhere else. Been telling friends to go there. Props!

5
0
