9r8kN1S1LKR9wPMJkrpQ8Q
G12nLnHLETf2E2pPW6grxQ
I need to get my refund. I recently started to go back to your happy valley store after the immigration issue the company has had and always had the worst service and never cleaned my car correctly. 3 weeks ago, I decided to return to after i noticed your staff has changed. The same day i got my 2nd car wash and Mario sold me on a FULL CAR SERVICE With detail cleaning which i would have never done and just felt generous and did it. Plus i had just washed my car 30mins before that same day. So he said come back in whenever you want to get your Audi cleaned because of my schedule. So after 3 weeks or more and plus the rain had ended. I decided to go today to drop off my car because i had this afternoon off and Im busy everyday for Christmas & new Years week. So i Go to drop it off and the guy asks what i want and i say the general and detailing. He stats okay and then give him my prepaid receipts and he tells me NO. We can't do your car today because we have stopped taking for the day. When there are other cars in line and he just asked me what i wanted. Its 130pm 12/21/14 and they have all afternoon to do this. So i drove away and called the manager and spoke with Maddie. she sent me to Anthony 2nd in Line. Store Manager.  I asked for a refund because of this issue when Mario didn't state i should only drop off specific days or times. I understand i would NEVER drop off 1 hour before closing. He stated we only take a specific amount of cars a day. This should have been told me to, I am busy each day and the time i have to take my car it would be closing time. I want a REFUND for the $90.00 that i have not received and wouldn't be able to get in the future. I need to speak with someone about this and get my money back. Anthony Refused to give me my credit back and said its a final sale!! EVEN THO I PAID FOR A SERVICE THAT I NEVER WILL RECEIVE!!!

1
0
4hNjK7TpXjb86rfLDvL1lA
Thank you, Fabiola for always helping me pick my meals each time when i come in. Always have a smile on your face. Food is always amazing and I made my goal in 4 weeks of 10 pounds.

5
0
