9t1_gkpakKG-A8oLFkzPNA
CqdFe3BogaqqVy6q5d5vSA
I referred a friend to Gabe Paola and she now has her home and auto with him. He is a good listener, knowledgeable, responsive and his staff is attentive as well. His personal service makes all the difference. Unlike my former insurance agent, Gabe checks in with me and my clients to periodically review my coverage and recommend changes if needed. As a REALTOR, it is important to have a business partner I can trust to treat my clients well and provide appropriate coverage. I will continue to refer my clients to him for their insurance needs!  Gabe is my go-to guy!

5
0
pvrp3YfZnokQmUrthVI-jQ
Extremely disappointed. A friend recommended it a month ago. My husband and I went on a Saturday evening. We both had fish, 2 sides and a bottle of wine and the food and service were excellent. I went for dinner tonight with the friend who had recommended it originally. Horrible experience from the moment we walked in until we left. Our reservations were for 6:45. At 7:25 they finally seated us at a 6-person booth in the corner. We waited 40 minutes and they did not apologize for the wait, offer to buy us drinks or an appetizer. Neither of us were in mood for a steak, so my friend ordered the chicken breast and I ordered the lobster ravioli with vodka sauce and a side salad. Her chicken breast was dry and looked like a charcoal briquette. My lobster ravioli was dry and there was only a hint of sauce (pink tint on the plate). When the waitress inquired as to our meals, I said the ravioli was bit dry and could I get some extra sauce? She brought me marinara and never came back to check on me. My entree did not include marinara sauce. Did she not recognize what I had ordered? My friend could not eat her dry chicken, but I was so hungry I slathered my ravioli in marinara and choked it down. Then we waited for our check. The busboy took our plates and asked me how my meal was. I said not so good. He said "Well, you should know better than to order spaghetti at a chop house". Really? They don't have spaghetti on the menu and if you offer lobster ravioli for $24 on your menu with no side, then it should be edible. If a customer tells you their meal sucks, perhaps you should tell the manager so they can make it right!  If the only thing you do right is a steak, then you should only sell steak.  No thanks, we would not like any dessert.  Please put us out of our misery. We had to flag down our waitress (who never offered her name or checked on us more than once the entire meal) for the check and could not get out of there fast enough. Neither of us will return.

1
0
