9VaPHxvohl917I7bJU9InQ
ubLw-YCVZGQTZT7PYz28KQ
Having your car get old sucks. However, when you have the right "doctor" to take care of that car, it makes it a little better. My 2004 Acura TSX has 114,000 or so miles and has required a lot of work as of late to keep him in good shape. (Yes, I said him - his name is Archie.) I recently was told by ACURA that I needed a lot of work done on the car, including replacing the power steering pump and have an axle seal replaced. (These were the most urgent items.) Because I am a fan of second and third opinions, I took my car to two other places that confirmed the work needed to be done and got quotes from both. One of the places is my regular mechanic. After that, I sent an SOS out for another recommendation and two friends (Fred and Justin) recommended Compu-Tech. So I called and spoke with Dave at Compu-Tech. They were able to get my car in the same day to look over my car and give me a quote on how much it would cost to fix it.   To my welcome surprise the quote they gave me was half the cost as the other places. I brought my car in the next day for them to do the work, and the total cost to replace the power steering pump and axle seal was even less than the quote. Instead of paying over $800 for the repair (which is what one shop wanted to charge), I paid under $400. Also, I dropped my car off at 8 AM. and the work was done by 10 AM.   So far the car feels like it is handling better (the steering). My car has finally found its primary car(e) physician in Compu-Tech. Thank you Dave for your great service. I still have stuff to take care of with my car, but I assure you Compu-Tech has found a new, loyal customer.   Oh, and for all who look at the cleanliness of the garage, it is a clean and well taken care of garage.

5
0
vSWEXsXmJw5ozuF4zqE9ng
Okay, I am not sure what has possessed me to return to this place after my first experience there.  The only thing that I can think of is that the passage of time dulled my senses and made me forget about my prior experiences, but I have written myself a note reminding myself to avoid this place in the future.   This restaurant has survived on the hype of being one of the only "nice" places downtown, but luckily that has changed.  I went there for dinner one night and because I did not feel like ordering a $20 salad, I decided to order a $15 sandwich.  THe only thing that I can think of is that upon hearing my order the "chef" immediately ran down to the nearest vending machine and got a roast beef sandwich out of that vending machine, took the sandwich out of the plastic wrap and plopped it down on the plate and actually had the gonads to serve it as if they made it!  It was by far the worst meal I have had in some time and is a constant reminder why I will not eat there again, unless my Alzheimers kicks in.    If you have to go there my recommendation is that you eat before hand and simply order a martini.  ikk8ide 2ccccccc.

1
0
C7utE_DN2kgE-68_VF8ftw
So I put on a button up shirt, wear a jacket and am ready for what I am told is a 4 diamond experience.  This is my first time to Tuscany so was looking forward to great service, great food and a relaxing experience.  What we got when we arrived was an Italian bistro that was filled with families wearing shorts and t-shirts, rushed service and decent food.  Apparently, changes have taken place and the restaurant has decided to sacrifice its four diamond status to cater to the family clientele in shorts.    When we arrived the walk down the staircase to the restaurant was promising.  However, once we got to the host stand there was confusion and we were quickly handed off to a server who grabbed two menus, a kids menu (we don't have kids) and began to run away without asking us to follow her.  We got seated and I must say that our server was GREAT under the circumstances that she was given.  Unfortunately, she was rushed and had little support and this made our experience seemed rushed.  (If any of you have seen waiting, I pictured our server as being the waitress who goes outside and yells and screams.)    We shared a couple of plates and though we were given extra plates to eat off of, we had to use those same plates for each course as they did not provide a clean plate for the different courses.  Also, our water glasses were not filled even though they said they were going to do so.    The food was just good and when you have to drive 20 minutes or so, and you are expecting 4 diamond food and service, good is not good enough.  There are better Italian food restaurants closer to me (Pinos and Gaspers) that I would prefer to go to.  I cannot say any of the food was bad, but I will not go back to Tuscany.  It's too bad that they did change their menu as it sounds like it was great.

2
0
