_KCsOAsU_XWScF6-SHoSwA
XfVGU6WGZKc867spn2TImw
Fresh ingredients, helpful staff, and fantastic drinks make this a Phoenix staple for me. Great spot for lunch, dinner, or a date.  My "usual" is the Margherita pizza and a Peroni to sip. Simple, but it really allows the ingredients to shine. It's always a good sign to see an owner as involved as Matteo is. Keep an eye out for him when you're finished with your meal--he'll likely be heading your way with a bottle of Limoncello. Will be coming back for a long time.

5
0
26rw3T8plfVshUlPCytqtg
Food: 4 Stars Atmosphere: 3 Service: -7 Cleanliness: questionable Coming back?: No  The issue: Friend and I watched appalled as a cockroach crawled around the restaurant floor for a bit, until it made its way under our table. My friend trapped the roach between her empty glass and a menu, and politely called our waiter over. My friend very politely explained the situation to our waiter, and requested that he take care of the bug. He replied with something to the effect of, "I don't know what you want *me* to do about it. I don't really like bugs either. I've never had a customer do this before." We proposed multiple solutions, including getting a dustpan or taking the captive roach to the front door and releasing him. He declined both options, opting to have my friend carry the glass, roach, and menu to the door herself, while he graciously held it open for her. She sat down, even more appalled, as the waiter walked away.  After agreeing that the service was unacceptable, my friend addressed the waiter as he brought us our check, mentioning that he should taken care of the bug next time. He took the criticism with a face plastered with offense, and stumbled over his words as he seemed to hold back greater emotions: "I... I will... Take that note and keep that in the back of my mind." We payed our bill and left promptly.  Compliments to the bartender and chef for a solid Manhattan and a tasty Western Burger, but we won't be coming back.

1
0
