_QHDTunNfbvtdbv_JqQD4Q
f3EcPjqKftEznBSs2oQVRg
Let me get right to the point.  I disdain this nightclub.  I'm not typically the "nightclub" type of guy, but I do dance.  PURE, in Caesar's Palace, embodies everything I hate about big nightclubs.  For one, the people that go there, and the employees, are pretentious.  Now, I'm not the kind of guy that has legit game in everyday life. But, hey, sometimes I get lucky!  In a club, however, I have no game.  No "club game," as I like to call it.  This review is not about how I had no game at a club called PURE.  This review is about the compactness of the club, the attitude of the bouncers, and the type of people that typically frequent this club.  I was here for a bachelor party for my buddy, John.  The posse in total reached 12 of us. We were all fortunate to have the groom's cousin -- a generously proportioned gentleman named Louie -- rolling with us.  Looking like an old-school mafia gent, he spoke with the "man in charge" of letting people in.  Whatever Louie mumbled in that person's ear enabled us to bypass a group of overly-bored people in line.  Who knows how long they must've waited to get into this Night at the Roxbury-inspired club, but we got inside in 5 minutes.  Once inside, our $125 each enabled us to get a roped-off, private booth with bottles of Jack, Grey Goose, countless other streams of steady alcohol, and of course cranberry and orange juice.  Apparently, Louie gave the bouncer, who was in charge or securing the booths so that no one came in, some money to bring girls over to party with us.  Hey, cool!  Only, these are not the kind of girls that I would normally talk to in the outside world, and honestly, probably wouldn't be interested in me the type that would be interested in me either.  One of the other groomsmen and myself noticed that some of the bachelor party participants went out and met girls in the dancefloor and bar areas. We thought to ourselves it might be a good idea to do the same.  The whole club scene at Pure is plastic.  I'm not sure if this is the kind of girls this club attracts, or if this is what is necessary for seemingly "everyday-looking" girls to look like to get into this club.   Our search turned up fruitless until much later in the night. We had met two frualeins who were attractive, and in such attire that would suggest they were as out of place as we two were.  While chatting them up, a third friend joined of theirs joined us.  I asked my fellow Groomsman-in-Crime if he thought it would be a good idea to invite them back to our booth with all the rest of us.  Afterall, some of the other guys were doing it, and there were also the ones that the bouncers just handed over to us like napkins for us to use.  We agreed to ask if they wanted to come over to our booth for drinks.  They accepted our offer and walked with us towards our roped off booth.  Here's where the problem starts, and why the stigma I have towards PURE encouraged me to give my first 1-star review.  I asked the 6'5", linebacker-framed, bouncer if it was ok to bring the 3 girls we met into our booth.  He did the patented looking up-and-down, sizing up of the girls and turned to me and said "No."    Yes, I knew why he said no. These weren't club-caliber girls. They were pretty, just not very "revealing" in their attire.  The rest of the conversation goes like this:  Me:  Why not?  Big Bouncer:  Because they're not pretty enough.  Me:  Huh? They're pretty to me.  Big Bouncer:  Louie said to bring only pretty girls. I don't think he'd think they would qualify.  Me:  (Not really knowing Louie that well, but felt qualified to speak as if I did)  But Louie would be happy if I'm happy.  Big Bouncer: (Looking at them one more time to see if maybe he overlooked something he didn't catch the first time around)  Bro, look at the girls that are already there.  Me: (Looking at what I already knew. This time seeing boobs nearly hanging out of their tops, and ass cheeks playing "peek-a-boo" out of their short, hiked up skirts.) Yeah. They're just not my type.  -Nearly giving up, I start to ask...-  Well, can I at least fix them some drinks?  I must've score what amounted to a small victory, because he gave me that "I give up arguing with you" look and agreed to my request.  Yes, the drinks that I helped pay for.  What a guy!  As I turn back to address the situation to the girls, I had not realized they were so close behind me.  I sort of knew then that they were close enough to have heard everything.  I asked if they wanted me to fix them drinks.  They politely said they were tired and were going to head home.  Ugh.  Gee, PURE. You managed to screw up the one good thing the night had going for it. I guess if I wasn't rollin' with a posse that included Big Louie and $125 just to get in, I probably wouldn't be Pure-worthy for your nightlcub.  Congratulations!!  Your classlessness and lackluster dancefloor just earned you my very first 1-star review.  Karma's a bitch.

1
0
8ZwO9VuLDWJOXmtAdc7LXQ
I used to think the best part of waking up was some Folger's in my cup. Now I know better. I woke up inside this hotel for 4 straight days, and each day I thought "How awesome is it that I'm waking up in this retro-chic-meets-modern hotel, with a partly glow-in-the-dark pool view outside my window."  The hotel is situated in a bucolic part of Phoenix, right before it butts up to the downtown part.  i wanted to go many places, in and around Phoenix, Scottsdale, and Tempe, but I found myself enjoying my stay at the Clarendon  At times, it was hard to leave.  While upon reflection, it's hard to denote what made the place really special -- it did sport a mini clear door fridge to store left over food and beer, and an about 40-inch flat TV screen mounted to the wall -- I could single out a few subtle details.  Personally, I was a fan of the huge sliding art piece that allowed me to slide it from right-to-left, revealing a window view of THE outside the pool area. A SLIDING PIECE OF FRIGGIN' ART, ON HARD CANVAS, THAT COVERS UP AND REVEALS A WINDOW.  Think about it.  They also have wall-mounted dispensers of shampoo, conditioner, and body wash inside the shower.  I must be very domesticated in my older years to get excited over such minute tiny luxuries. (Ilovecostplusworldmarketsowhatdoesthatsayaboutme?) And the room I stayed in had a two-toned color scheme, but all I can remember is the red walls. (And not at all from blood stains, either!)  As part of a 2-for-1 sort of deal, the first floor restaurant that is adjoined to the hotel sports one of the best dining experiences I've had in a while.  I live in a mecca of fine dining, but right here in Phoenix -- and in a city that has no dearth of fine dining of its own -- I think Gallo Blanco his a home run with it's array of menu options.  Their entrees feature locally grown food, when possible, and plenty of vegetarian (and some vegan-friendly_ options.  I ordered their guacamole dip and their, what seemed to taste like, home made tortilla chips.  Each chip dip-to-mouth motion I made with my arm was met with excitement and frustration. Clearly I could have got full of this alone, and I had a couple of main entrees soon to come up.  While both dishes were great, each bite of their carne asada elicited the effect of of what a unicorn's teardrop might taste if it gently caressed your outstretched tongue while it dropped from cloud covered skies on the day of a lunar eclipse, while Haley's comet was shooting by.  It hurts my Angeleno pride to say this but I've never had a burrito (purchased later) and tacos taste as good as this.  It's hard to measure the qualities of a hotel when most them try to emulate and outdo each other.  Most try to achieve the same cookie-cutter qualities that a hotel is expected of.  Whatever it is, the Clarendon doesn't try to compete with the big boys.  Inarguably, the place is hold enough to have hung its hat during the Nixon years.  But whatever face-lift this place got, it had a smart cosmetic surgeon.  Sufficed to stay, I wouldn't be the least curious about any other hotel in the Phoenix area, if I had the opportunity to stay here each time.  - Will

5
0
