_sMAbMc0ajVApMN3O-r7ZQ
soiGohHtWOltGeomkSxzEw
"Have you ever had the chile relleno at Tee Pee?"   Our server crouched down by our table to get eye level with the friend who'd ordered it. She had not. None of us had.   "So it's a bit different," he explained. Something about 6 egg whites and an egg yolk. Something about half a basketball. She went ahead and ordered it anyway. Only our server and the pictures (I'll post one) can decently describe it. But he had it right on the nose.  Around the table, we had enchiladas (the Presidential Special that George W. Bush ate when he visited - holla!), some (very good) pepper beef thing recommended by the server, and the chile relleno.   Everyone left stuffed, well-treated (Portland, Oregon has NOTHING on Arizona for polite and attentive service), and generally entertained. Mostly on account of the basketball dish, and the signed celebrity photos everywhere.  Tee Pee is what our Phoenix hostess calls a hole-in-the-wall, but it's the kind of hole that leaves you filled to the brim. So there's that.

4
0
WJeSI2oOM6NCqOzuMKDPGA
Gah! I know they basically have a captive audience, especially for folks who've been chasing layovers all day, but next time I'm just gonna grab some Doritos at the convenience mart across the way. They're more flavorful, equally filling, and WAY less expensive.  I spent almost $30 for an overwhelmingly underwhelming burger, fries, and a shake. Oh and some iced tea. Must've been the tea that put it over the top. Or were these made with "delux" designer cows? On a quick look, their website indicates apparently yes. They even use the word "delux." They should've at least featured that prominently on the signage, so you have some idea of whyyyyyyyyy it's worth breaking your bank.  The staff was nice enough, and I more or less ate the food. What I could stuff in before my flight boarded, anyway. It cost so much, I seriously considered taking it on the plane with me, but even my cognitive dissonance inflating the perceived value couldn't overcome the bland unsatisfying taste-less-ness. Truthfully, the only taste left in my mouth after this quick bite was miserly bitterness.

2
0
