a5fRsnrarNahiJ-6Ldtvtw
nRu1XwMBZgY2l371Qr-fRQ
Needed 300 copies of a funeral program made. I was super stressed out and needed these done as soon as possible. I was a bit apprehensive about how these would look and although they were busy Eddie took the time to print me out a copy to review. They had all 300 copies done and folded within a few hours! Folding fee was only $5.00! I expected to pay way more. They did an amazing job and I will def go back!

5
0
zofs5Ig8kgvtFyp3ySoSBA
Ohhh man where to even start...  I frequent this plaza quite a bit, Mind Over Batter is located right next to Yupha's Thai and Jeniza Nails (both 5 star establishments in my opinion). I was very excited to see a locally owned cupcake shop had opened here.   We had some time to kill before a nail appointment at Jeniza's and I was treating my 9 year old goddaughter to a fun girls day for her birthday. Mind Over Batter was super clean and so cute! Hot pink walls with blank and white checkered floors yaaaaay we were both so excited!   That was until we were greeted by two very grumpy female employees behind the counter. Actually we didn't even get a greeting, just a very blaghh "what can we get for you". I told them that it was out first time in and we needed just a minute to look. When I asked what their most popular flavors were I got a "this, this and, that" with a finger point. They made it very clear that they were not happy we were there.   When we did order a younger guy helped us. We had planned on getting a half dozen but after pointing to the first cupcake and him responding "THATS IT"? I nearly lost my cool. Ya that was IT with this place. I had him wrap the ONE cupcake to go. He handed me my change and didn't say a single word NO "thanks for coming" NO "have a nice day". The first thing out of my goddaughters mouth when we left was "they were all so RUDE". I mean come on  for a nine year old to pick up on this when she had a hundred chocolate drizzled cherry topped cupcakes in front of her face is just ridiculous!   For $3.00+tax PER cupcake you should at least get a smile and thanks. I am really disappoint to have to give a local small business such a bad review. A quality product will completely become over shadowed by bad attitudes and customer service.

1
0
