A7DmcDwQsI5b-bHyEbCe6g
cTyBfWfmgL3vgRetyfmtyA
As a bit of a chili head, I have to say that I was very very excited about the atomic wing challenge here. Unfortunately, when we arrived we were informed that no such challenge existed anymore but they still have the wings. My coworkers and I excitedly ordered a round of the atomic wings and the wait began.  While waiting for our food, the surroundings finally started to set in. I had noticed a bit of an odor when we arrived but hadn't paid it much mind. As it increased in intensity, I didn't have much of a choice anymore. Apparently, lunchtime is the ideal time of day to pump the raw sewage out and it just happened to run right through the door right in front of me. Not a good start.  The food finally arrives. This is going to be what makes it all worth it. I smell my wings and there is a little bit of noticeable tang and a some jalapenos on top. I take a bite nervously. Sort of cold. No noticeable spice. At all. Soupy wing sauce that doesn't taste very good on top of wings that I'm pretty sure just came from the grocer's freezer and found their way into Sport Pepper's microwave. Death knell.  The service wasn't bad but wasn't impressive either. Overall, between the dingy, dark decor, the overpowering smell of raw sewage, and the absolutely lackluster food, I just don't see myself ever being able to justify coming back.  It's unfortunate. I was really looking forward to this, too.

1
0
IF4FGhbVFTEG4-Dty1iF6Q
I'll preface this by saying I don't write a whole lot of reviews. After eating at Yanagi I felt like it would be a crime to not at least give these guys a pop.  This was some of the best sushi I've ever had. It was also some of the most reasonably priced, outside of the revolving bars. Being as it was my first time there, I went with my safe bets - the spicy salmon and the spicy tuna.   I can't say I got a lot of spice on either, but the fish was pretty much perfect. It was unbelievably tender, with flavor to match. The rice was cooked just right. The service was friendly. The preparation was a little slower than I've seen at other spots, but it was 100% worth the wait.   Go eat at Yanagi.

5
0
