AAuBApNBT_ekVe8uddlKRA
miPvBpiSKhc53BDPGP-_9Q
I agree with the other reviewers that some of the help can be rude or unfriendly at times, especially the chandler office. However, I would want no other Dr than Dr Laurino for my foot and ankle problems. He's a very sincere, friendly person who cares about his patients.

4
0
nOsTpQeQLMk-pRHcFoZjBg
DO NOT GO HERE!!! Not only do they do a crappy job of getting your car clean, they are also thieves!!  I brought my car in and it took over 90 minutes to get it back for the works wash.  When I got in my car, I saw the inside hadn't been wiped down at all (not a surprise, they rarely do!), but I also noticed someone had been rifling through the various compartments of my car which they had no reason to be looking through.  I kept a cup full of quarters in the car which was full to the rim and now there was barely anything left (probably $25 worth of quarters).  I talked to the manager on duty, Pedro I believe his name is and he seemed very concerned and like he was going to look at surveillance video and find out who did this.  Well, one month later and no one from that place has contacted me!  What a crock of shit... I will NEVER go back there and will tell everyone I know to stay away!  Don't say you weren't warned about this place!!

1
0
VDzgxHjMJj-1nMfJMtcSPQ
My first time there last weekend and let's just say it wasn't the best first experience.  I placed my order and it took quite awhile to get it.  Then we got our food and my order was completely wrong.  By the time they made another and brought it out everyone else was done with their food and I had to get mine to go.  The waitress took the check off the table, I was assuming they were going to give some sort of discount being as I had to take my breakfast to go now, but nope, she came back and there was no offer or mention of my inconvenience.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the food I did get to eat was good, but I won't be going back.  If a restaurant screws up and you miss enjoying your meal with your table, they needed to offer something for the inconvenience.

2
0
