ahHjEssTZ-q6mtjkf-HlPQ
fOrmUQoNIhxtu_WLKx7WQg
If I could rate this location negative stars I would.  Unfortunately this location is very close to our home. With 4 children we frequented this location often.  However, after numerous bad experiences we have decided to go elsewhere. The most current (and last straw) was when we ordered our food at the speaker. The person taking our order was talking to a number of people at the same time. We had to repeat our order 3 times and he still did not get it right.  When we tried to pay him at the window he wasn't paying attention and dropped some of the money out the window. Finally when we got to the second window to pickup our order, we waiting longer than we should have just to find out that our bags were missing two items. When we told the girl, she rolled her eyes and closed the window without saying a word. We waited another ohhhh maybe 4 minutes before she came back.  She gave us the items. We then asked for honey mustard, ( which was already suppose to be in the bad) she said they were 15 cents a piece. I was surprised she was even trying to charge for it due to the fact that the wait time was so long, the order was wrong and the entire process was such a mess. I then asked for a manager, I explained to her what happened and that I have not complained the last three times they had messed up our orders. She then rolled her eyes, ( that must be a prerequisite to work at this location) and asked how many Honey mustards We wanted. "Three please" we responded, and she closed the window. She came right back handed them to us and gave a very half hearted apology.  Needless to say, we will not be going back to this location.

1
0
2me03SStR9jt3fdsy2yYwQ
I have been using Evolution carpet cleaning since I accidentally discovered them in 2010 when I was having my carpets cleaned by a different carpet cleaning company.  It just so happened that my neighbors where having their carpets done by Evolution the very same day.  Well , after my carpets were complete and the company had left,  I was very disappointed.  I went to my neighbors and asked the Evolution guys if they would be willing to look at my carpets and see if they could do a better job. They came over immediately after finishing my neighbors house and re-cleaned my carpets, And for less than the first place charged me! AND the difference was amazing! I even took before and after pictures so I could show my friends and family.  Anyway I've had them come out and do our carpets quite a few times and again today but today I was a bit nervous. You see, We have a 2900 square foot home with carpet in all the bedrooms, office and formal living room. We have 2 dogs that are messy and shed a lot, one bunny, 7 children between us and 3 grandchildren. Not to mention champagne colored carpet. So you can imagine it's not easy to keep clean. So, when the Evolution guy (I forgot his name ), got to our house today, I showed him some dark lipstick that my grandson had smashed into the champagne carpet in four different places. And some nail polish my daughters friend flung on the carpet in her bedroom. Also the black stains under my sons desk from who knows what. The gentleman doing the carpets said he would see what he could do.  I was again amazed when he was done. Our carpets look brand new!! Absolutely beautiful!!  Thank you so much Evolution! You guys are fantastic!! I will recommend you to everyone and anyone who will listen.  Thank you

5
0
