ak5BQwrcYBOApH394NICwg
_orEwRz56QgjXfauJEy5rw
Straight to the point. We were in and out in 20 minutes  Got a beautiful kitchen table for 150, including delivery (with the use of a Groupon).  Salesman was a bit quirky, but I appreciated that he respected our time and sold me exactly what I was looking for.

4
0
MLPUSpkbWAvr9gJOELKqmQ
I have had two experiences with Bella Nails, and I can't say that either was exceptionally great.  First, I went as a walk-in on a Sunday afternoon.  I was seated within a few minutes, and a man began my gel polish.  After five minutes of small talk, he left and walked over to two girls getting pedicures.  A new lady replaced him and continued my manicure.  After she took over, he grew progressively more friendly with the two girls, suggesting he be their boyfriend and offering them positions at the nail salon.  I sat through my entire service, listening to him flirt with the only other customers in the salon.  He did not acknowledge me when I thanked him upon leaving.  Although annoying and slightly uncomfortable, my first experience didn't deter me enough to not return.  About a month later, when two friends were visiting from out of town, we decided to get pedicures and manicures.  I thought of Bella (as it's close to my home), and I called to make appointments for that same afternoon.  We arrived at 2:45 for our 3 o'clock appointment.  There was no one available to help us even after announcing ourselves and reminding them of our scheduled appointments.  We were told to sit and "it will just be a few minutes."  By 3:40 someone had just started one friend's pedicure, and at 4 o'clock another person finally began buffing my other friend's nails to start her manicure.  My friend getting a manicure chose her polish color from a palette on the desk, and the manicurist brought over an entirely different color.  My friend explained that this is not what she wanted, while the lady argued that it indeed was.  My friend even pointed out that the names were different, but the lady insisted.  Meanwhile, around 4:15, I was still waiting to begin my manicure.  Eventually, we ended up leaving--one complete pedicure, one (free) nail buffing, and another unhappy customer that plans to never return.  Icing on the cake?  As we left a man shouted, "Okay, well you try again tomorrow."  I think not.

1
0
