aZf39WpiB-wwOQSFC_ZO5Q
4AKcmN--0hbF0kX9pg8scg
went here for the first time the other night and i gotta say i was very impressed my burger was delicious! and the bar of condiments and other goodies, looooved it. i will definitely be going back.

4
0
S7vvvnBipWqOFiKXX-LWVQ
When I arrived I got put in a chair for a full set of acrylics right away and my grand mother got put in a chair for a pedicure right away. Which was shocking to me considering that every employee was currently working on a client. My grandmother got started on her pedicure right away and as I am sitting in my chair waiting they sit another girl next to me and tell me "it will be a few minutes" .....45 minutes later they finally got started on me and my grandmother was already done with her pedicure....so she ended up having to watch me get my nails done for another hour an a half. Then while the man was doing my nails he was SO ROUGH with my nails, didn't talk to me and LITERALLY at one point told me that "that's not nail doing that, that's your finger it go like that" my fucking finger was pointing one way and the nail the other way!! Then he continued to fuck up the shape of certain nails I kept having to correct him and finally made it to the end. When I told him designs I wanted he gave me a dirty ass look. This place SUCKS and they are RUDE. Now sitting here six hours later my nails are so sore it hurts to even pull up my own pants , hell it hurts to type this message!! THIS is why you should spend good money on good nails because all places like this do is fuck your natural nail up and look at you as a quick $30. Fuck this place and fuck the asshole who did my nails.

1
0
BrhWp_b0x-17kTUyF-9vCQ
the rolls here can be basic but sometimes they surprise you with a cool one! remember you can also ask them to make special ones. its a very cool experience to have sushi go past you on a conveyor belt  and being able to grab whatever you want. the staff is great about checking on you and making sure your drink is full. its cheap, delicious and yes safe. one of my favorites!!

5
0
