BdHk8ip9JuA15ec1ytzeig
3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg
Half hour layover turned into an hour plus. Here's why: out of 2 gates 3 flights are being called: fort Lauderdale, Albany, Philly.  So first they called first class of each flight. Except all of them were yelling over each other. Plus people literally elbowing and smacking each other with cranky kids. Etc.   However, punch line : not airport fault, the winner is US Airways who just announced that they have stopped boarding the FLL flight as their is an armrest on a seat that needs to be fixed.   So help me god, I don't care. I'll sit in that chair.   Either way someone just trampled over me and kicked my broiling new cup of caramel macchiato which is leaving a huge stain on the carpet.   Call me crazy... I don't feel bad.   What has your airline and airport done for YOU lately????????

1
0
-jBymA8tI-WURtSBcuUdXQ
How yummy can fast food be? Real yummy!   As a first timer to this brand, my arrival to Phoenix was late at night. The name threw me off being an east coaster I was thinking bagels and lox! However I was greeted by an array of salads of colors and variety which made me super happy! I chose the turkey avocado Cobb, hold the eggs please and a carvel swirl (yes! That makes me uber happy!)  Pricing was marvelous (damage was under $12) and the girl handling the counter was very sweet!   With the variety of sandwiches and salads I'll be sure to visit again, as my salad was fresh, yummy and definite kudos for not throwing dressing into it - to go - thus not providing a soggy lettuce fest by the time I would get back to my hotel room!  I would love to see them on the east coast. 5 star yumminess all around!

5
0
WmZ_ztzG_7YlksJ_1vzJ-g
I have to give kudos, in this hell fury heat the temperature on air is so perfect in the rooms unlike tempestuous central aired locations!  Quiet and in a great area, close enough to my meetings this location is really nice - thanks to an employee named Tiffany who's smile and customer service offset the start of my stay.

4
0
