bkmXk6OVwyjcqPbmbPCk9Q
corPOxxIBRJ7DSpryYvorw
When my husband and I were thinking of a place to celebrate our wedding anniversary, we thought of Roy's, since we were married in Hawaii. It was one of the best decisions that I have ever made.  This was one of the best dining experiences that I've ever had.  First, their Aloha hour drinks are delicious! I could feel the warm ocean breeze as I sipped my Hawaiian martini and my hubby drank his Mai Tai (for only 5 bucks! Everything on the happy hour is only $5).  We dominated the happy hour. Everything was delicious, especially wagyu sliders and the ahi roll. YUM.  For dinner, I had the sea bass which was AMAZING. The husband had surf and turf- lobster tail and filet mignon. It was cooked and seasoned to perfection.  For dessert, we had a rich chocolate cake that they brought to us for our anniversary. We had the best time.  The service was outstanding. We sat at the bar and had a wonderful time with our bartender Larry. Since this Roy's was inside a hotel, it had a great, relaxed atmosphere.  We've since been to other Roy's locations, and they were NOT as good (even the Roy's in San Fransisco!). I can't wait until we can go back!!! If you get a chance, come here for Aloha hour. You will not be disappointed.

5
0
uYj2NO1HZRNiD-de_pSdJA
This place was great for a casual get-together. My friends and I stopped here for a central meeting place. It was small and quaint; nothing too special as far as atmosphere.  The pizza is above average when it comes to thin crust. I had the spinach and sun dried tomato pizza and enjoyed the cheese/sauce/toppings ratio. I also tried the Gorgonzola and pear salad which was delicious and not over dressed. I like the seasonal aspect to the toppings and everything was very fresh.   The staff was great. They let us hang out past closing and enjoy a couple of  glasses of wine. Overall, I had a pleasant experience and will be back! I would love to do the monthly wine tasting event!

4
0
XK5hwOMD3M-cjGVBsEmrIw
When you leave a restaurant wondering when Gordon Ramsay will come bursting through the doors to scorn the frozen reheated calamari, the warm, parasitic fish, or the wilted parsley used to garnish the plate, you KNOW you're in trouble.  Where to begin? I knew the minute that the calamari arrived that this would be a negative experience. It was over-cooked, obviously of the frozen bagged variety, served with mae ploy. We were brought some fresh lemons which did help. The service wasn't terrible, but I was called "honey" all night long by someone about my age.  We ordered the Arizona roll, Spicy Tuna roll, Eel Tempura roll, Rainbow roll, and the Sex on the Beach roll. All of which had too much rice, to little seasoning, and low quality ingredients.  The worst was the Eel tempura. It tasted burnt, like it had been fried in bad oil. The Rainbow was next up, warm, disgusting so that we didn't eat it. The Sex on the beach (spicy with raw scallops and siracha), wasn't so bad, because I love spicy food. It was spicy enough that you couldn't taste the poor ingredients. The other two were just nasty-too much imitation crab, too much cream cheese, too much old cucumber, and warm, gelatinous looking fish. GROSS.  We like to sit at the sushi bar and it was so low and small- obviously so you can't see what the sushi chef is using for your rolls! Not the best ambiance.   Save yourself time and money. Don't be fooled by their tempting "discounts"- $10 a roll (after 30% off)  is outrageous for the quality.  I can't comment on the drinks because we stuck to water. They don't have Saturday drink specials.  I will stick to my old standbys Kyoto or Sakana. Cheap, fast, and more delicious than any sushi I've had in the Phoenix area. If you want all the glitz and glam, go to Ra or Blue Wasabi. So what if you have to drive 30 more minutes.

1
0
