BlPa6GZGxIdR4yRT0sgReQ
Cv4kZH9zN0wpN2Drn0qkLg
First and foremost, let me get this out there: I love Chipotle.  Always have, and always will.  So this review is nothing against the company itself.  I will continue to be a Chipotle customer, just not at this location...  I went to this location after work on 7-22-11, around 5:45 pm.  First of all, I waited in line for approximately 20 minutes.  Not a huge deal, since the line is usually pretty long at Chipotle (particularly at this location).  And I was there during the dinner rush.  But still, an extra staff member or two helping out would've been nice.  I finally got my food and headed home with my three soft barbacoa tacos.  A few bites into my first taco, I bit down on something hard and relatively big.  After spitting it out and cleaning it off, it was apparent that it was a rock about the size of a dime (Picture: http://i72.photobucket.com/albums/i175/starstruck1980/chipotle_rock.jpg).  I had several other family members inspect it as well, and they agreed that it was a rock, rather than a bone fragment.  Since I didn't swallow it, choke on it, or chip a tooth, I did continue to eat the rest of my tacos (which, despite the rock, were quite delicious).  My family members weren't exactly pleased with me for continuing to eat the tacos.  They advised me to take the tacos back and speak to a manager.  Had I eaten in Chipotle, I probably would've spoken to the manager.  However, since I was at home, I felt that going all the way back and causing a scene wouldn't have been all that effective.  I didn't want to upset anyone, make a scene, and I definitely am not going to sue or do anything drastic like that.  It was probably just a mistake, but certainly a big mistake that definitely should never happen again.  They need to make sure they inspect their food better before it goes anywhere near those serving pans.  I was disappointed because Chipotle prides itself on clean, fresh, organic food, which is why I'm a regular customer.  This experience has left a bad taste in my mouth (quite literally), but hopefully this was just an isolated incident.  Again, I felt that a Yelp review would be more effective than any other measure I could've taken.  I just want to make people aware of this incident and to be alert for any rogue rocks hiding in their foil wrapped tacos!

2
0
w1yFZM9AB1YE4yLzFZHl3g
I had placed an order for a 10" round ice cream cake last weekend for a birthday party this weekend. I had scheduled pickup for Noon since I had a lot of other errands to run before the party at 5. I went to pick up the cake and the guy at the counter asked for my name and what was written on the cake. He went to the back and was there for several minutes - I assumed they were doing the writing then. After about 5 minutes, the manager can out with a printout of my order and said "I wish I had better news for you, but it's not here. We don't have the cake." She explained they were having "internet issues" all week and this was the first time she was seeing the order.  I was a little disappointed, and ready to just grab a pre-made cake from their freezer, when she said "I'm about halfway done making a cake right now. I can make it to these specifications. What's the absolute latest you need it by?" I told her by 4:30 and she said she would finish it up and get it in the flash freezer for me, and it would be ready by then. I agreed, and went about the rest of my errands.  At 4:30 I went to pick it up. It was exactly as I had wanted it! The manager couldn't apologize enough and said "this one's on us. Tell everyone we wish them a very happy birthday." I was stunned. People make mistakes, and they had the cake ready in time for the party. But I graciously accepted and thanked them for their kind gesture.  And by golly it was he best darn ice cream cake I've had in my life! All of the party guests agreed!  Despite the slip-up, I will for sure continue giving them my business and buying all of my ice cream cakes from here going forward, based on their wonderful service and the quality of the cake. I might just call in my order though next time ;-)  Thank you DQ for making my birthday extra special!

5
0
0QrA-Klgp1R-GzUr6uJS7Q
Dear Dunkin' Donuts, please stop sending coupons that you refuse to honor.  After working in customer service for so long, nothing enrages me more than being on the receiving end of horrible customer service.  I received a coupon for a free medium beverage (ANY BEVERAGE) for my birthday.  Went through the drive-thru at the DD at 48th St. and Chandler Blvd. in Phoenix, AZ today during my lunch break.  Ordered a medium iced caramel swirl latte, because again, the coupon said ANY beverage.  The guy working at the drive-thru then asked if I was okay paying the difference.  I asked why, since the coupon said ANY beverage.  He then told me it was good on medium hot or iced coffee only.  I then asked why there was a picture of a latte, and he said "that's a coffee."  I told him to turn it over, and he goes "oh, that's just for promotional purposes."  I then told him I didn't think it was right that I had to pay the difference, since the coupon said ANY beverage, but I'll pay it anyway.  He then goes "well, oh well."  Not SORRY for the inconvenience, or offering to have me speak with a manager.  Just "oh well."  I paid the 88 cents and drove off.  Normally, I wouldn't get all worked up over 88 cents, but it's the principle of the matter.  Not only was I treated rudely, but if you're not going to honor your own coupon, then you're practicing false advertising.  I should've asked for a manager.  I also should've mentioned that I worked for a different local DD about 4 years ago and was poised to become an assistant manager before leaving because I was sick of working with jerks like the one who served me today.  Needless to say, I will never go to DD again.  I don't care if they're more expensive - I will gladly take my business to Starbuck's from now on.  At least the gentleman in that drive-thru yesterday was courteous and was willing to have a conversation with me.  Sorry DD, but you did it to yourself.

1
0
