bnLFXuDDdkovhy1jqFpSxQ
SwJwuo45tippviUGFffzoA
I have had a lot of bad experiences with veterinarians in the past, so when it was time to find a vet in Maricopa I was pretty much dreading it. After reading reviews of local veterinary hospitals, I chose Maricopa Wells because they had the best reviews. I am so glad I did!   Our experience was great! Not only were all of the staff friendly and kind, but the vet tech was extra kind and gentle to our cat, Kimba, who is high strung and had urinated all over himself during the car ride to the vet. She took her time to make Kimba feel safe and comfortable before she began examining him. My husband and I (and Kimba) really appreciated that.  When Dr. Black came in, she addressed all of our concerns and took a sample from Kimba's ear (we suspected ear mites) and went to look at it under a microscope to see if there were mites. There were. My favorite part was when Dr. Black came in and said she had found mites and asked if I wanted to see them. I totally did! I got to look at them under the microscope and it was sooooo cool! She then gave us a lot of information about how to treat the ear mites and how to make sure our other cats stay mite free. She was also very open and up front about all charges and was very respectful and mindful of our budget. It was so refreshing to go to the vet and not feel like they were pressuring me to run extra tests and to see genuine care and concern for my pet. She addressed the issues that brought us into the office, as well as issues we had mentioned in passing. She gave us a lot of great advice. She even typed up a note containing all of the information we had discussed so we wouldn't forget.  This was the most painless vet visit ever, for me and for Kimba. I am so glad to have chosen this vet due to reviewers like you. Now I can take my 7 cats and 2 dogs to the vet without dread!

5
0
VzmP95EmSQEKABQmH14_ZA
Worst restaurant experience of my life! On my friend's birthday, we went to Serrano's because she really wanted Mexican food. I had never been there but she said the food was good. We went with our husbands and her daughter. Basically, this restaurant ruined her birthday. After we were seated, it took nearly ten minutes for our server to even come by our table to take our drink order. Having been there so long, we were also ready to place our dinner order but were not given the chance as she rushed away immediately after asking what we wanted to drink. We had been there a total of 20 minutes before we even got drinks. We placed our dinner orders and it was disaster after disaster from there. After what seemed like forever, our food came out. Well, all except my friend's bean and cheese burro. That came about five minutes later and was cold. Not even lukewarm. Cold. When her food finally came, I was able to tell the server that they had messed up my order. I had asked for my burro to be served enchilada style and it was not. They took it back and threw some sauce on it, but neglected to add cheese. (I had even requested extra cheese on top.) At that time, my friend mentioned her food was cold. It came back 10 minutes later, still cold. Every time the server came by, she would put the food on our table and bolt before we could say anything. She never refilled our drinks. Not once! Even after several requests. After my burro came back with no cheese, it took several minites to flag down another server to tell him we needed to speak with the manager. By this time both my friend and I were seething because she had to send her cold food back again and after sending mine back they still couldn't get it right. The manager came and promised she would make things right. I told her my burro (which had been sitting on the table, untouched, for over ten minutes since they brought it back out) still didn't have cheese on top. My friend told her that her burro came out cold...twice. Instead of taking my burro back to have it fixed, the manager brought out a bowl of microwaved cheese and dumped it on my cold burro. I didn't eat that night. The third time my friend's burro came out (finally warm) she took two bites and was done. She said it tasted like it had gone through the microwave too many times. (Ew!) After that nightmare, and over an hour and a half after being seated, our checks came. They had mixed up items on both checks and the manager "took care" of us by refunding us each $3 for our ruined burros that cost $8 and $11 respectively. I was also charged for a side of sour cream that I ordered and never received, despite two requests. We again asked for the manager and told her that was unacceptable and didn't even come close to making it right. We also asked for our checks to be corrected. She brought back our checks with the items corrected and the paltry $3 refund. The manager "supplemented" the refund by offering us free ice cream. We had been there forever already, were running way late on our other plans for the evening and did not want ice cream. We declined and stated that we didn't think we should have to pay for our burros because we didn't even get to eat them. She said she'd bring back another check. By this time, my friend's daughter was restless and cranky, so my friend's husband took her out to wait in the car. More than 15 minutes later (!!!) our corrected checks finally came. I was still charged for the "enchilada style" and extra cheese for my burro, though we each had the $8 burros removed from our checks. I was still livid to have been charged for extras on an item that I was unable to eat. Unwilling to waste any more time fighting the injustice on my check, we paid and left. After two hours and paying way too much for the experience we just had, we finally left. I will NEVER go back to this place. The service is awful, the manager doesn't care, and is a total cheapskate. Stay far away!

1
0
-QfXaNWrFmuLHnHGjeh_PQ
I love pizza like Michelangelo loves pizza. Except I am really, really picky about my pizza. I refuse to eat Pizza Hut or Domino's because...eww. And I like New York style pizza while my husband prefers Chicago style. Finding a pizza place we both loved was a challenge. When we lived in Scottsdale we had an NYPD pizza close by and it was awesome--even Hubby loved it. But after moving to Maricopa I was without epic pizza. Until I finally talked the Hubby into trying Brooklyn Boys. So glad we did! Except, you know, now I am going to eat a lot of pizza.

4
0
