bnp0citISTxEdYlAQms5AQ
9fORayXSQ9D8-f4u6Jn1Dg
As someone who'd never previously been to a full-service car wash (sorry, lifelong DIY'er), I chose The Carwasher, because I frequently see Mesa PD cars being washed there, and thought "If they're good enough for our civil servants, they'll probably be good enough for me".  I asked about what express packages they offer, as I was about to sell my car, and I wanted to pass it off to the new owner in great physical condition.  I paid for their $39.99 package, which included an exterior wash, tire shine, interior vacuum, window cleaning, and an armor-alling of the interior.  While a fair price, and a quick turnaround, my satisfaction ended there.  My wheels were still caked with brake dust, there were multiple dirty water streaks on the doors and on the rear of the car.  Judging by the black splashes all over my fenders after the short drive from the store, it appeared that the tire shine was applied without my tires actually having been cleaned first.    There was also so much armor-all on the interior surfaces that everything was wet to the touch.  The steering wheel and pedals were also armor-alled, which is very dangerous, causing both of those surfaces to be slippery!  I had to go over the entire interior of the car myself with a dry microfiber rag to soak it all up.  Had I more than a few minutes to bring my car to its new owners, I would have disputed the service.  While they were courteous, timely and fairly-priced.  I can not recommend The Carwasher in Mesa to potential customers.

2
0
WWn4I0P9TeOnPsHLl_Y6xA
I've been in search of a great barber shop for some time.  I've tried almost every shop with 4 stars or above, and still, never found a truly great haircut.  Where my search logic was flawed was in that I was hyper-focused on price.  YES, Sport Clips' full-service cut is more than I would normally want to spend. YES, it was worth it!  A truly custom experience.  Easily, the cleanest salon I've ever been a customer at. They ask the right questions, they listen to you, and they're not finished until YOU are satisfied.  Stop looking, guys. This is your barber shop.

5
0
