brnWriEliOnf9oPaeAfVYQ
CdqTxe171tKTOkk8T15GGA
Just stopped in here for a to-go cup of drip coffee. It was really good, the atmosphere was certainly "hipster" but everyone was friendly and I loved the giant open front. I also really liked looking around the small boutique store inside while I waited for my coffee.

4
0
4X_XAOeMw7AFkYhg3NINJA
MATT'S! I don't even need to write this review. Everyone already knows how awesome Matt's is. AND IF YOU DON'T KNOW: RUN THERE.  Whenever we have to drive up to or through PHX from Tucson, we stop here. We go without eating breakfast, drive the 2 hours, wait in line and eat here. It's just that good.   This place is simple. The frills* are few but they make a hard impact. The thick-cut sourdough toast with super excellent fresh homemade jam (*frill). The rosemary (*frill) on the home fries. SIMPLY delicious.  My go to is the 5 Spot (breakfast sandwich with egg, melty cheese, GRILLED ONIONS (*frill), and thick-cut bacon, and one pancake on the side (real butter, real syrup *frills).   For the two of us to eat here: full breakfasts with coffee, it's under $30. The wait on the weekends for two is usually 30 minutes, so not bad for regular breakfasters like us.   Seriously, the food is so fresh and that's just what makes it so good. The staff is so efficient and extra friendly. We always have so much fun and such a good meal here. This is a place where we will always visit as much as we can.

5
0
72CTDs5iuHlCrJuHa7domA
I booked this hotel stay on hotels.com. The photos on there look very nice and not anything like the place actually looks...  When we got to the hotel we were not greeted by any of the three people working at the counter. One woman was counting money and yelling across the room to her friend in a different language. The man in the middle was busy acting like some kind of big shot, and the man who was checking people in was moving at the speed of a slow turtle. There was one person in front of us checking in.  The lobby is filled with terribly cheap artwork of pop-art celebrities. Marilyn Monroe plays a starring role on the walls, painted in neon. It was hard to tell what parts of the lobby were under construction and what parts were intentionally meant to look "undone".   After we finally got checked in, we went upstairs to our second story room. The elevator is under construction, and thusly torn apart a bit. The doors opened to a very outdated, thrift store-style seating arrangement made of heavy wood in a small hallway. As soon as we stepped off there was a WALL of pot smoke. Somehow, through the haze and contact buzz we were now experiencing, we found our room. My fiance, ever the minimalist, gave a nod of approval as he noticed there was no artwork on the walls. The bed had only a sheet on it (we later found out that this was actually what I called a "Sheet Sandwich"... more on that in a minute). The wall was cracked in a few places and the bathroom was... clean, at least. At least, I think it was. Overall it was just a grim, bleak room that looked like someone had made a very half-assed attempt to redecorate in a modern style. The small, ancient tube TV wasn't the only thing making this room seem ick though.   We were in town for an evening event and when we checked in we had to basically just drop our bags off and then leave again. As we left our room we discussed belly-crawling on the floor to get through the haze. Before going back to the parking lot I stopped at the lobby to complain about all the smoke and ask for a blanket on our bed. The man, still overwhelmed by the person he was checking in, stated that he would look into both things for us. As I was leaving, a woman sitting slumped on the sofa in the lobby stopped me to ask what I was complaining about. I told her the man was going to take care of it, but she pressed me so I explained that we didn't have a blanket on our bed, just a sheet. She began to get a little ruffled and said "That's just the way we do it here, so the bed doesn't get messed up. We put a sheet on the bottom and a blanket on top of that, and then another sheet. We don't have bedspreads or comforters."  I'm not really sure why that made me upset. Mostly because when I sleep I love having big blankets and I was annoyed that NO OTHER HOTEL DOES THIS, EVER.  We decided just to sleep there and then call hotels.com in the morning to make a complaint. This place definitely was not worth the $100+ we spent ($89 + taxes, etc.) Hotels.com has excellent customer service, however, and gave me a partial refund and promised to check them out at some point.   Final notes:  - Our room was in the front building, second floor. We were overlooking a very busy street and so it was pretty noisy all night.  - The staff "uniform" is a Rolling Stones lips- style t-shirt. Everyone who worked there just looked like they were trying way too hard and it looked sloppy. It added to my annoyance of the poor customer service and crappy environment.

2
0
