bRXUFY4Ra1v-myekOq3UfA
WaO_hAunQrZ--vI308rHQA
This place sucks!  Dry, re-heated, expensive food.  I have tried this place twice, the first time I got the pulled pork sandwich and I was really disappointed. It was dry and flavorless. The sauce that they gave on the side tasted like pure vinegar. It was so disgusting that I threw the rest of the sandwich in the trash. It came with a large square of cornbread which somehow drier than the pork..you guessed it, in the trash it went.   So far that's a $10 pork sandwich and cornbread in the garbage. I also got a little side of mac n cheese and baked beans (extra 2.99 a piece). The mac and cheese was dry and little more than shell pasta with some shredded cheddar on top, after a few bites I tossed it in the trash. The baked beans were ok...a little better than straight out of the can, and the slaw was ok. I'm not a slaw fan but their apple-cider/vinegar slaw was decent. I've had traditional Southeastern/Carolina slaw and this is pretty close. So after all of that, a pork sandwich with 2 sides, cornbread and slaw was over $16 and $13 of it went straight into the trash.  I decided to give them one more shot. I thought maybe ribs and brisket are the way to go. I couldn't have been more wrong. I called ahead and ordered the "Pitmaster's Pick" which is a rib and brisket combo for $19.99. Unlike most other places I've been, this $20 meal does not include your choice of sides. So I decided to try the mac n cheese one more time for an additional $2.99.   I was surprised that the guy on the phone said 5-10 minutes because I just ordered ribs and brisket which you can expect to wait on for a bit. Anyway when I got there I was surprised that on a carryout order I was charged a 10% carryout gratuity, and my food was waiting on me.  The brisket was unlike any I've ever had, one huge hunk of mostly fat, the actual meat was tough and dry. It smelled smokey but I didn't taste any smoke. There was some kind of rub on there that was kind of chalky.   The ribs were even worse, they were very tough and dry, they came sliced half-way between each bone and I still could not rip them apart. They had the same chalky rub type substance on there and a little bit of store bought sauce on top. I wont get into the mac n cheese and the corn bread because it was just as bad as before.  After forcing me to tip on a carryout order my tab was just shy of $30. I salvaged what I could of the edible meat, and well I'm still hungry. So in 2 trips I have spent over $46 on just myself and I will never give them another dime of my money. Do yourself a favor and eat ANYWHERE else but here.

1
0
54i5svsrwiNvqsVlezzjNw
Can't go wrong with the lunch special for a quick and cheap meal. I will definitely be coming back for dinner as they were prepping some ribs while I was there and they looked and smelled unreal. This place is clean and friendly, plus they make all their sandwiches and plates to order so everything is super fresh. Can't wait to come back and try some more stuff!

5
0
