bSZhEz4QM4DMexSFsxwJmw
JpHE7yhMS5ehA9e8WG_ETg
Nothing ruins a hotel experience like a desk attendant with a ROTTEN attitude. Especially after preparing, packing, and traveling the last thing I wanted to do was argue with some lady. I get complementary benefits because my uncle is considered a VIP gambler and spends well over what it costs to pay for the hotel room in the casinos. Anyway, when I got to the hotel I explained that the room was under my uncles name and I gave her the confirmation code and all the information my uncle sent me like I always do, because this is not my first time in Vegas. The woman (who's name I wish I remembered so I could put it on here) was completely careless of my situation and had the worst attitude I've ever witnessed in the hospitality industry. I say this because I have worked in it all over the world. When I asked to speak to the manager I watched her proceed to ignore me and not even say something like "sure right away" or anything along those lines. She just walked away and then I watched her bob her head with an attitude as she gave the manager an obvious low down on how she didn't want to accommodate me for whatever reason. After the manager came over I had a similar conversation and had to call my uncle who was in Mexico at the time dealing with some family related issues and I didn't want to have to bother him. Not to mention it was late at night. The manager first told me that she couldn't help me because my uncle had to be present to check me in and that she was going to ask her supervisor. I waited for about another half an hour after already waiting in line for a long time to check in. Finally the manager was able to check me in after waiting and frustration. If it wasn't for the HORRIBLE staff at the front desk then it would have been a really nice stay. It is a shame because it is a beautiful hotel. You have to be better with all of that competition right next door. I've had better stays at the flamingo....

1
0
jiWAo2z_seY5pQwhzrJiYA
Undeniably the best service, atmosphere, and most importantly - FOOD! Coming back very soon!

5
0
