BuYYe5xHEZSwWT-ix8peCg
ExVIsz9WlWn--pqP76CrwQ
A group of us eat at the mall food court for lunch a couple of times a week, and every once in awhile I look over at the promise of all the good stuff, and head over to get some frozen yogurt after lunch. I would like to thank the staff for keeping me in shape! Each and every time I have gone to attempt and order something, nobody is around, and nobody comes around by the time that little window of time where sense tells you that you shouldn't end lunch with an extra 1,000 calories of sugar and fat. To date, I have not yet been successful in ordering anything at all from this place, and only continue to try out of curiosity.   I can't see any place to take naps behind the counter, and the guys that just walk around and flirt with the girls at the weird lotion kiosk are usually visible. This leaves only two options: the person who is supposed to be on duty behind the counter is either the dirty guy that hangs out in the bathroom and sometimes doesn't have pants on, or Puro Gelato is run by inter-dimensional ghosts that can only take orders via manipulating gravity in the 5th dimension. I will buy Interstellar the moment is it available, to learn secrets and hope to eventually order yogurt from this place.

1
0
eXaVJc5GMIjYEUjbrc13FA
Great place. Went there for an important date and we had a lot of fun. The wait staff was a lot more fun and personable than I've experienced at restaurants of this caliber. Everything was just perfect - we will be back.

5
0
twkCJJvXKBwPoRitFhnNzQ
I spent the day working here, and it was nice. Good selection of drinks and the food was great.   There could be some more places to plug in a laptop. I saw the few people who came and went who had them searching around and I felt bad for having one close to a table.  This will be my spot of choice in Maricopa, whenever I'm working in the area. I came because the usual default Starbucks in this town are both located inside of grocery stores.  I wish they were open past 5, however. The location might not be worthwhile for them to do so, though.  The variety of people coming and going, none of which were from the area, was nice. It reminded me of first impressions of Tempe when I moved there 15 years ago, and kind of made me want to look at home prices in the area. I'm not moving here, but my day today kinda made me think about it.

4
0
