BXIa8o9mimFudpZARBAcgQ
0GRYyMRzwA9WYc8UTB2nRA
Great place! They have extra discounts on TOP of the already marked down prices on certain days in different clothing sections, and it's pretty well organized for a clearance center. Great selection of womens dresses, that's why I usually come here.   The one at Arrowhead Mall in Phx/Peoria/Glendale is even better though (it's much bigger) so I suggest that one over this one if you're ever in that area.

4
0
X1iWMwX_f9FJkyd-xcHVgA
I got the "Mr. White" and added spinach, onion, tomatoes and chicken, and I'm IN LOVE. So many different flavors, and a lot of Garlic. One of the best pizzas I've ever had, and I just got back from Italy so that's saying something!!: D Husband got the BBQ pizza and liked it, but wasn't as in love. Next time he comes with me, he's going to get the one that I had! Highly recommend!

5
0
KeeTa5_c_GyuCDqscmwyRA
Super disappointed with the service here. We got a Groupon to try this restaurant out for 2 wine flights and a board of bruschetta. My hubby and I got a little dressed up, and were looking forward to a fun night in Scottsdale after our wine tasting. When we arrived, no one was there to greet us, so we stood awkwardly at the door for a few min. When the hostess came back, she was friendly and led us upstairs to sit down. (She was sweet, but asked us if we'd just come from prom?? We're in our mid-twenties haha!) We heard two of the employees joke that we were "grouponers" as we walked past...which was really strange and made it sound really condescending. Then, we waited at our table for at LEAST 15 minutes (maybe 20) before someone finally came by and asked us if we'd like waters. After another 10 minutes (and by this point we thought we'd decided on everything we wanted to order, and had picked out our 4 bruschetta choices) the waiter came by and just stood there! Didn't introduce himself, or ask us how our night was, or anything. It was so awkward! We explained that we had a groupon, and he quickly said that we only got a choice of one out of three bruschettas, instead of having a choice of the whole list. Which is ok, but would have been nice to know at the beginning so we didn't set our hearts on the other choices. We ordered our flights and our single bruschetta choice, and the bruschetta came out about 10 minutes later BEFORE the wine. It was all very strange and impersonal..our waiter didn't help us choose our flights or give any suggestions, and wasn't friendly at all. Not to mention, our candle went out on our table, and a waiter came around and lit everyone's candles that had blown out EXCEPT for ours haha! We are very easy going and sweet people, so it's not like we were being loud or rude. Instead of going out and exploring scottsdale after we were finally done, we just wanted to go home. It totally killed our mood for the night. (We still tipped about 18% because we're too nice haha!, but looking back, I wish we hadn't...) I WOULD give it two stars (because the food that we did end up receiving was great, there was live music and he was great, and the wines were excellent) but the two stars on Yelp reviewing says "I've experienced better, Meh" and I don't think that it deserves that much because we're never going back. It was just a horrible atmosphere and the service was terrible. We were there for almost 2 hours, and the only things we ordered were our flights of wine (so three smaller glasses that came out all at once) 5 tiny pieces of bruschetta, and some grilled cheese sliders. I really had high hopes for this place and was really excited to try it out. I'm pretty upset with how our experience turned out and will not be recommending it to anyone.

1
0
