BZtffWtR2dGhSRYVtAzYtw
chudEeZo1SNr-0Mo9L2OgQ
The pizza is good ,but not great, the service is almost always slow and the place is generally a dump, yet for some reason I can't stop going back.  Maybe it's the fact that it's on my way to campus.  Maybe it's because it's the only place i've found near campus where I can get 2 slices and a drink for $5.  Maybe I just get a kick out of the fact that the middle aged balding guy (manager?) is almost always yelling at one of the mexican dudes in the back.  For whatever unknown, illlogical reason I just like this place!

4
0
lR7GrPsC7V80YSS2dSWHdw
I took Melissa's car to the dealer for service today.  After a few hours sitting in the waiting room and listening to light hits ranging from Kelly Clarkson to Enrique Iglesias my stomach began to grumble.  I perused the vending machines and initially considered going with the BigAZ Bubba Twins™ Chili Dogs until I came to my senses and decided to venture out into the world in search of sustenance.  Across the street I spied what looked like ancient adobe dwellings.  As I got closer a sign indicated that it was the dilapidated ruins of Pappago Plaza.  Through my explorations of the prehistoric temple to the gods of home furnishings and strip mall bars, I was drawn to both the British Open Pub and the Hometown Buffet next door, but neither was right for a meal before noon.  Just as I was about to give up on my quest I spied a single word that drew me in...PIZZA.    As I walked closer I noticed the magic words..."2 slices for 3.99" and I was sold.  I entered the tiny hut and it appeared to be empty.  After a few seconds the phone rang and a tiny Italian man stepped out from behind a door.  He answered the phone and spoke something I didn't understand in a thick Italian accent.  After hanging up he asked me what I wanted, at which point I ordered one slice of cheese and one slice of pepperoni and a Pepsi.  After giving him my $5.27 he retreated behind the door from which he came and I took a seat at one of the 2 tables in the cramped and poorly maintained hut.  After a few minutes he returned with my slices.    The slices were good size, but smaller than typical New York pizza with a thicker and softer crust.  I went in search of spices (a must for any good Pizza joint) and found only red pepper and parmesan.  Disappointed, I started with the cheese slice.  It was a bit on the chewy side, sort of like a poor man's Hungry Howie's, but was very bland and without the flavored crust.   As for the pepperoni, they were limp and soggy and tasted like some dog treats smell.   By that I mean it's intriguing to the point where you almost want to eat it, but you know it's not a good idea.  Luckily they were easily removed to convert it back into another bland cheese slice.  The best part was probably the crust, which was soft and tasty and could have been great with the right dipping sauce.    I returned from my quest having not discovered any hidden treasure, but at least alive and with a full stomach...which is more than I can probably say if I had gone with the chili dogs!

2
0
