cjv2eqywyI6KfyGAYNb4tQ
BtX9mA5dYDzULGVPC4-I-A
Wow.... where do I start?  Well about a week ago I ordered a burger and a side, I received the wrong burger and the wrong side, but I had already rode my bike home. So I called the manager on duty, lets call him "T". He was SUPER kind and wrote me down for a comp the next time I came in which was tonight.  I came all the way from phoenix but wanted to claim my free meal on the way home so I stopped in. It took them 15 MIN to bring out my comp order, but it was wrong again because they didn't read the order back to me to verify (and they never have). So I told the carhop and it took another ten minutes to get the correct burger out to me. By this time, my side item was cold. I had every intention of tipping the carhop even though I was claiming a free order. But she was so distant and lacked people skills and didn't remember the things I requested and didn't look me in the eyes, plus my order was wrong a third time. By the time I rode home, my food was cold (I even had it in a warm environment for the whole journey) and there was little to no condiments on my burger! Who wants a dry burger? Not this guy. All I can say, is the night manager on duty every time I go there looks like a punk (hood always covering his face, and I sound old for saying that, but I'm a 25 year old punk rocker myself, haha) and the kitchen seems to be stoned because I witnessed 3 inaccurate orders while I was trying to claim mine.  My main complaint is that I worked at Sonic for over 2 years, and this kind of behavior at my locations would've gotten me fired. I've returned to the restaurant business since then and my philosophy is STILL to treat the customer how you would like to be treated. What's so hard about that?! Yeah, it's fast food. Yeah, they get paid minimum wage. But if you cant even follow your recipes, common sense, and core values, you don't deserve to have the job. There's many people out of work who would kill to have a job, even at Sonic. It's sad because this location is RIGHT by my house and it's good for a quick, cheap meal, but I will not be returning. This is absolutely the WORST Sonic experience I've ever had and it's the worst Sonic I've been to. What a shame, too, because it's in such a nice area. Maybe it's just the night crew since that's the time I usually visit, but all I know is this location needs a revamping of values and employees.

1
0
eIxSLxzIlfExI6vgAbn2JA
Where do I start? Well, thanks to these reviews and my need for something hearty to take care of m hangover stomach, I chose Lobby's for my lunch. My food was made to order, and everything was flawless. It's the kind of burger you dream of. I got the bacon cheddar burger and fries w/ fry sauce. I paired it with a bottled mexican coke I got from the gas station next door because I couldnt hold a fountain drink on my bike. I just finished my meal and I can say without exaggeration, that it was as good as sex. I'll definitely be back!

5
0
6svqiMcmS-tolyzsz2S4-Q
Absolutely love this place. I never knew it was so close to my house! My band and I went there last night and everyone was pleased. We all loved the recycled mentality of the decor and vision of the owners.  I had the Brie-Hive sandwich on sourdough with the Salut fries (I could live off of those fries, they were so good!) And then we got the s'mores. We shall be back!

4
0
