cLT92_r_8ZRE7rWATuhamA
Qy1UAXzY6qEr6Ive_lksvA
You're crazy if you go anywhere else to buy flowers! I came in knowing only the colors I wanted in my arrangement and she just went with it and blew me away! Not only do they have the most beautiful and unique arrangements in the valley, but they have the cutest little French Bulldog door greeter and the sweetest staff.

5
0
OaJyFHQA-pAHsD_ev0fIWg
Alright, I hate to do this because I absolutely love Pita Jungle, but it seems like the Tempe location is really slacking. I've been a loyal customer ever since the first Pita Jungle opened on Shea years ago. Since then I've been ordering the same thing maybe once every two weeks. I get the glazed chicken lavosh pizza, but instead of the regular onions on the pizza I replace them with the caramelized onions. Simple right? Wrong. I've ordered that pizza to go at this location three times where I've gotten home and they've just completely forgotten the onions. I know it can be confusing. Orders don't often come in with changes. Not trying to bust their brains.   But wait, it gets worse. About three weeks ago I actually decided to dine in. The pizza came out perfect. Exactly the way I wanted it. When I went to take my first bite I found a LONG hair was trapped inside the cheese. It had been cooked with my pizza. The person I was with didn't want me to make a scene and I agreed I didn't want to embarrass the server so I simply didn't eat that piece of the pizza. Looking back, I should have returned it.   The final straw was when I tried once again to order my pizza, the same way I always do a few days ago. When I got the pizza home I noticed there was a large bite taken out of one of the slices. Yes, a bite. It had teeth marks and the shape of the mouth. When I called, the manager made me feel stupid for even suggesting that that had happened and insisted the pizza was flakey. I told her I wanted a new pizza and that I'd show her when I came in. I mean, I've been getting this pizza for over two years and I know the difference between a flakey crust and a bite taken out of my pizza. PS. Who knew that melted cheese could be so flakey? I sure as hell didn't. Even after showing her the picture that at this point I had already shown all of my friends via text that all confirmed it was a bite she still insisted it was just the pizza. The manager made me feel bad about something that someone in her establishment did.   Pita Jungle if you care to see the pictures I have (which id think you would to) because someone who is working for you did this...instead of posting them on your yelp page I'd be more than glad to share.  Oh and whatever happened to the customers always right? I will probably never step foot in the Tempe location again.

1
0
