CtTStKFv70LHhsEgu7zYyw
4Ur1TXCPMgicKaYlmw24ow
I've used Saffron Jak twice now and been at events with them as well and it's time I write a review!  This past weekend, they catered an event for just over 170 people and it was amazing! From the preliminary work with their catering manager, Christina, to the clean up, it was flawless. The food setup and decor is beautiful. The mason jars filled with whatever colorful fruits and veggies they bring to the displays on long wood cutting boards, it's all beautiful.   Jayson  and Jaymes are amazing! Their passion for what they do is evident!  The food is almost indescribable! The homemade hummus, jams, salad dressings and yogurt dips are are like nothing I've ever tasted. You can tell it is all fresh and homemade. The pizzas are to die for! We had super Greeky a margarita and a mushroom (can't remember name), as it was a veggie  affair. They couldn't place it out fast enough!   Thank you for helping me put on an amazing event! Check these guys out, you won't be sorry!!

5
0
TXp6cQ8sh0ZhSv8aFFBqUQ
I have been going to this cleaners for years. I will never step foot in there again. I dropped off a pair of "dry clean only" pants at a dry cleaners. Seems simple enough. I went to pick them up a day after they were due & I was told they weren't ready. I said I needed them for that night. Next thing I know, the female owner hands me a cell phone & tells me to speak to her husband.  He tells me that the pants were defective. I need to seek reimbursement from the store where I purchased. He would not offer me any reimbursement for the pants, which are quite expensive. I ask for the pants back. They were two tones, black & white. The white is now black. It appears that they were laundered, rather than dry cleaned.  Had the owner offered to pay for the pants, I could move on. Shifting the blame to the manufacturer & expecting the 3rd party department store to refund me is ridiculous.  I will never return to new select cleaners & advise you to stay away.

1
0
