d29Mil9bg09Ix7Y5ODOPUg
SMpL3z4FLF07bRA6-y22JQ
I had the pleasure of visiting this cute little establishment for a belated birthday dinner and it was like happy birthday to me all over again! I had the soft shell crab as the starter and while the crab was okay the cucumber dipping sauce it was served with was amazing! For my entree I had the tropical pineapple dish that was another amazing concoction of shrimp, scallops and mussels in a sweet coconut curry sauce served in half a pineapple. It was scrumptious and I don't even like coconut!

4
0
fkqBI_mFvucpqVtB2Uj4Tg
This was my second time visiting Art of Merlot. I went after purchasing a Groupon last year with a girlfriend and we had a blast! The instructor was unobtrusive and we were allowed to create but also ask questions if needed. The layout of the studio was open and uncramped. We had access to various colors and paint brushes to create out masterpieces. We were able to interact with the other participants in the class and at the end we were happy to join in a group photo inside the studio.  It was relaxing and fun.  I couldn't wait to go back.   Fast forward to this past Saturday, I choose to celebrate my birthday at the studio with about 12 girlfriends and DID NOT have the same experiences. In fact, it was the complete opposite ...   When we walked in I noticed that the setup was completely different, instead of the U-shaped set up that allowed for open communication and adequate space, there were long rows of tables, set classroom style, crammed into the space to point where you had to "shuffle" down the aisle to get to your seat.... not to mention that because of the increase in bodies in the room , the room was stifling. They want  you to come drink wine and paint but you can't because you are sweating and the 8 or so small, non-oscillating fans - all pointed in the same direction - do not help to circulate any air ...  first offense.  The instructor was a bit too friendly, a bit too loud and a the level of instruction was a bit too much. There were no additional paint brushes or colors to play with I'm guessing it was because there was no space to move around. The instructor was also "leading" at a lightening pace so those that did want instruction were struggling to keep up. Now, granted there are some who like a strong level of instruction, I am not one of them especially  when it comes to art. And it seemed that there was emphasis on creating "cookie cutter" paintings rather than simply interpreting what you see and feel ... second offense.  And finally, the amount of photos being taken was particularly annoying. I like to paint, not because I am good at but because it allows me to create, which is a stress reliever.  I like to get into my "creative" zone and let it flow which was hard to do because it seemed that every 10 minutes or so one of the staff was coming around to  stop us to take photos ... really? Then we had to hurry up and stop painting to walk halfway up the block, in the heat, to take yet another photo - this time a group shot. I was over it.  My recommendation to Art of Merlot - include the skill or instruction level associated with the art work on the website so people know what to expect when selecting a class. This way those people who require lots of instruction will receive it while those of us who want little instruction and the freedom to create will have that as well. Additionally, if they are going to continue to pack people into such a small space, please purchase some oscillating fans to better circulate the air.   While I enjoyed being with my friends who came out to celebrate my birthday. I would be hard pressed to go back to Art of Merlot given these changes.

2
0
