DcCUgTOOeJOPTVJVBWfyCA
Vu-c7qfc77p0VMMJ00hzeA
Valley Towing Company was great! My sister's parked car was hit by a construction truck and we wanted to get it towed to the body shop. I called Valley Towing and they were able to send out a driver immediately. Unfortunately, the police took forever to come do a report, but the driver, Steve, stayed with my sister and helped her navigate the issue. He even offered to drive her to her class at ASU!   Thanks Valley Towing for taking such good care of my sister's car.

5
0
G6EKYSP1RMbaBDlU8F72ww
Do you remember the hardware store that Tim the Tool Man Taylor went to back in the day? That's exactly what Dave's is - the neighborhood hardware store.   I always forget about Dave's. After several minutes of wandering through the big box Lowe's, I remember that I could probably find what I'm looking for at Dave's. Plus I get to see some friendly doggies at the same time.

4
0
qxJKu2xuvxfrI32pKI7HEA
My husband and I have been here 3 times - once when it first opened for dinner, once for appetizers and drinks with some friends, and this last time for brunch. We love the view and the space. And... That's pretty much it.  This review is based on our last visit. We had just finished helping a friend move, and my husband was hungry. In hindsight, I should have driven us over to Snooze, but he wanted to sit outside by the lake.   Once we were seated, a lady from another table walked over to a couple who were seated behind us. We could overhear the conversation and I almost wish I hadn't. Apparently the lady had been waiting for quite a bit of time and never received her food. The couple sent back their food because there was hair in the pancakes (gag!).  Despite this, we decided to stay. My husband ordered the Shed Head omelette. He said that it was dry and that the potatoes were too salty. I ordered the huevos rancheros. Once the entree came out, I realized that the server did not ask me how I wanted my eggs cooked or whether I wanted the red or green sauce. So I ended up with scrambled eggs (meh) and green sauce in my meal. It was a big dish - eggs, potatoes, green sauce, and lots of cheese.  Remember the salty potatoes? They were definitely in this dish, which rendered the meal inedible. It was just so salty!   The final straw was when we received our receipt. My meal was supposed to be $8.99, but the receipt said $13.99. We asked the waiter and he took it back to be adjusted. However, I wonder if they got away with taking $5 from people who just didn't notice.  This space is amazing and the view is unbeatable. For now, we will only visit this place for drinks. The food just isn't good and the service is bad. Hopefully when this place closes for good, we'll be able to get a fun place in South Tempe. OHSO, The Vig, The Yard - come save us!

2
0
