dh6bXVae0pAc18xMPADvQg
ZaS6zYn_Pb3QrGRZJfNyzA
I like Del Taco it reminds me of Might Taco in Buffalo NY. But this is the hands down the worst location Del Taco owns. They have forgotten my sour cream on my tacos 3 orders now - only went 3 times so far, so not that good. To be honest they put it on just one of 6 once , which is prob the more frustrating. The dang sour cream cost as much as the tacos but I like it. Tacos have all the meat in a lump, cheese one end and they are too lazy to fold the paper around them properly so you have lettuce all over  before you even eat. The location is not dirty but looks like a high school just passed though every time i visit. Go next door to taco bell or Whataburger.

2
0
XFecRrqs1IPmNQTrvXwtVA
Fantastic guy - Very nice overall experience. This Dentist is upfront with you, but will tell you like it is. His work has been A+ and i'm pretty sure he saved me a root canal or two.  He cares about this craft and as the others have said hes gentle and skilled with his tool set. Most relaxing Dentist I have seen thus far. This is will be my 3rd visit soon and they also have very reasonable prices. No huge up-sell like most places - Super Sold Over all experience  - Covered both by last jobs insurances too. Kaocharon is a PRO - Unlike my last dentist; whom; just walked out of his office and Novocaine back.  ~Ba dum tsh!

5
0
chudEeZo1SNr-0Mo9L2OgQ
Pizza was mushy , not like ninja turtle awesome mushy but rather ack thats all slippy slide in my moth hole  - taste was ok, topping seemed solid. but it was most def on my "stay away buy open late, list" I Could do this maybe drunk at 2am, NOW the WINGS - NO NO NO , the WORST ever, being form buffalo; and i take them pretty serious. but OK. IM in love with wings, just need to get my fix.   They arrived box swamped with grease in and sadly out , had to put towels just to open, upon opening .... They looked ok overall ... BUT one single bite  - - - BURNT  never changed grease flavor (that deep absolute, stuck in the mouth for nights , absolutely appalling taste. Tried with the ranch (had no blue cheese offered ever for extra) just burnt grease flavor. Let me tell you, I cant get any from that taste outta my mouth or brain  ... its so off that it almost ruined by favorite food for life. 24 or so wings in the trash and im not even kidding but saying my pups wouldn't even eat more then or  bite or so  after. Id rather Gordan Ramsey take every bad thing in the cooler or the worst show and put in my mouth in puree form.  Guessing from the overall (all)  the grease has not been changed in several months. Not night or days, just not changed and all the wing blood and burned fry, is most apparent within. I hope its a bad night for them a few weeks ago. I like they are open uber later and can if needed deliver but - no way man, stay away.

1
0
