dicV4ihba3AYqQuk9p2DnQ
V6BYjHM9SnXscfkln3hCdA
Since the new owners took over, the service has been improving each time I visit. Today was the exception. I always go on the weekend, and the wait is no surprise. The issue was not the wait, or the food or my server (the young blonde with glasses was phenomenal). The issue was the etiquette of the manager, the new middle-aged female hostess, and the mid-late thirties blonde male server.  In a straw hat (WHY?), the manager was bothering tables, interrupting mid-bite, or just after a server had checked on them. She wasn't managing anything.  The HOSTESS was pleasant, but unaware of the awkwardness she caused by pre-seating two parties at tables with one less chair than people, leaving them in disbelief while she struggled to get around them to bring them the missing chair. When she took us to our table, she stopped in front of the counter as the SA finished bussing the table, causing a traffic jam for the servers on their way to the patio with a tray full of drinks. She turned to me and said "Doesn't it seem that they go slower when you need them to go fast?" I would rather wait the extra minute, on the patio, away from the runway, than be in that position. I'm sure the other parties would prefer waiting a minute while preparations were completed rather than being seated at a table that wasn't ready, subsequently being put into an awkward musical chairs of sorts. The OVERCROWDED dining room was a spectacle. The tall mid-late thirties male server hurried from the kitchen, chewing and looking desperate for food, and walking straight into another server carrying plates to one of his tables. I heard and saw him snap his finger and say "OHHH SHIT" as he rushed to the table to ask the guest if sour cream was okay. He obviously didn't' remember till the last second, and at a 45 minute wait/plate time, the guest said it was okay. All the while the hostess meandered through the dining area, getting in others' way and looking dazed and out of place... This place is good, but they really need to filter and train their help before throwing them into the weekend rush.

1
0
OXTNzirT3oHZ9YpA66MXJA
Redemption awaits at this oasis in the desert. First timers or old schoolers will immediately feel at home here. This shop (or lounge, rather) hosts an array of flavors ranging from the fruit-laden sweetness to the richness of the custards and spicy goodness. All about the sustainability, they carry juice lines produced by local juice slingers. The service goes above and beyond any shop - boasting friendliness and knowledge of the product and builds of your like. And if you don't know what you want, they'll recommend and provide something to your liking. Definitely check them out whether you've got a minute to drop in or a couple of hours to kill.

5
0
