duriRX9tt5pLDO4Es6bu5w
wqRlPyeuExcDwm7F2hNNMQ
You have to understand what you are getting before moving in here.  I do not know where some of the prices are coming from on here but my girlfriend and I signed a 6 month lease for a nice 2 bedroom for less than $1,000.  Even after our 6 months was up, our month to month onyl increased $100.  It is by far the closest place to all the nightlife and dining in Old Towm is thats what you are looking for.  Now that all the good things are said, the management and upkeep is not the greatest.  It takes the management mulitple times to accomplish anything and it seems any upgrade or improvment is more of an inconvenience to the tenants that helpful.  Our apartment started to fall apart within weeks but becuase the deposit was only $250, we didnt really care much to worry about keeping up with the place knowing full well how they treat those moving out! Be prepared NOT to get any of your deposit back and depending on poorly you maintained your residence, fines on top of that!  Know what you are looking for before moving into San Marin!

2
0
E0qnH8iICrj6C4ERcT4cJw
By far the best new spot on Mill.  It has everything that Mill was lacking.  Firehouse Tempe has the best looking and most friendly staff I have visited on Mill.  They have more TV's then most other bars combined and always show big name events like UFC Fights and NFL Network games.  They have great food that is served all day and turns into a Tempe flavored Nightclub/Bar that accomodates anyone looking to have fun!  They have live music, dj's and weekly guess performances by well known artists!  You can even get affordable bottle service that allows you to be removed from the shoulder to shoulder crowds we have have been so accumstomed to on Mill (I would recommend the FireTruck VIP table behind the bar or the one-of-a-kind BLEACHER area to have your event!  Talk to Josh or RB, who are the managers there.  They always take great care of their customers and depending on what you are wanting to get out of your night, give awesome discounts for your party!  FIREHOUSE TEMPE!!!!

5
0
