DVUy3pGA0yKwn7SaH0S46w
VDUwU8bHmeGgtJpe-rz3bQ
This was my first time in this place..my aunt and I were skeptical at first as the parking lot was empty.  We walk in and no one is there except the owner.  We order moo goo gai pan, chicken with green beans and wor ton soup.  We really enjoyed the moo goo pan...very tasty.  Not too many drink specials and the ice tea was not too our standard we thought it was regular ice tea but he brought us green tea in a bottle.  I would try it for delivery as it's near my house.

4
0
znmvCpcwxYk_kYCqtUFt5Q
Very good Kosher, vegan restaurant.  The owners are Jewish and Vietnamese, they lived in Hawaii and therefore their food is a little Hawaiian based.  There were 4 of us that ended up sharing 4 entrees so we could try a little of each. We had stuffed tomatoes, braised ribs, ginger soy chicken and pad thai.  All were exceptionally delicious.  You couldn't even tell the meat was imitation meat. The flavor was great and everything was made to order.  We had a big group so he put in a little bit of the orders at a time since they were freshly made.   I would highly recommend this place and will be back.

5
0
SDgaoqSpSjGLq5IFYV0psw
I bought a groupon or Living Social deal with Moxie Girls.  I was very excited to get my house cleaned for 3 hours for $59.  I thought what a great deal...boy was I wrong.  I was expecting at least 2 people to show up at my house.  One girl came.  I was not there when she arrived but I got home moments later.  My fiancee had her start with a list that I had written up. They had asked me to do this with my priorities.   When I arrived home she was cleaning the blinds in the kitchen...I thought great, the other girl must be in the other room.  I proceeded outside to see my fiancee and ask about the other girl as I didn't want to interrupt.  I was told she was the only one.  I went back in and she asked me to go over the list with her and I told her I really want the bathrooms, kitchen and blinds done.  After I told her that she stopped on the blinds and went to the bathrooms.  I guess I should have been watching her as I really don't know what she did.  She did end up cleaning the bathrooms but none of the other blinds were done and there was still grime on the shower and bathroom walls.    Towards the end of the 3 hours a supervisor did arrive to see how she was doing.  At this time I had not gone around the house until after she had left to notice what was done and what was not done.  I thought she was doing fine.  She did end up cleaning the floors which was her last job and then she thanked me and left.  I walked around the house as this time and noticed that she had not dusted anything, the grime was still on the bathroom walls, the blinds were not done and to top it off she had caught my phone charger in the vaccuum as it was all ripped up.  I did end up calling and telling them this and they are in the process of paying me for a new one.  So I do have to give them props for good customer service...still waiting for the check but it's only been a few days since this has happened.  I did tell them nicely that for what she did she did an okay job but that they should have really sent 2 people as my fiancee and I had to still clean the house.  They explained to me this was the first time they had tried a groupon and were still learning.    So if you do try them tell them to bring at least 2 people.  It shows on their website that they also do other things such as hosting parties, hanging decorations, etc. which is a great idea.

2
0
