eb8GBhjkFBk8Nwjz-rHr_g
t54zAs7IftAVb9SKcCRotw
being in Greece!  2_fewdgasm August 15th, 20:30 I've never been to Greece yet it's on my bucket list! The food is amazing, the people intriguing and the scenery incomparable!  The closest I've come is visiting local greek restaurants. Years ago ( 1989 to be exact) a new restaurant opened and sent mail coupons to advertise. Taking a chance I ventured out to find the most welcoming, friendly atmosphere with greek food that made me feel as if I had been transported to a greek island! A place where the owner greeted each patron upon entry and gave them a hug or a handshake to say goodbye...what a treat.  Sadly, I've only been back a handful of times. No particular reason, just living life and business....   Saturday, I was thinking of belly dancing , food and good company. My companion and I decided to head out to The Bacchanal restaurant in Phoenix.  I was hesitant as it had been eight years since I had eaten there.  My heart leapt and a smile crossed my face as Yoryos, the owner ( a bit grayer yet he had the same spring in his step and welcoming smile on his face) greeted us and seemed genuinely happy we arrived. The live greek band had begun to play and already it was feeling like home.....  We were seated quickly and promptly ( I recommend reservations on Friday and Saturday nights). The wine list is not extensive but has enough greek wines to interest a connoisseur. The atmosphere was dimly lit with candles, white linen tablecloths. Mirrors added the aura of more space and allowed one to see the dancer from every table.   We started with one of the appetizer variety plates ( Tiropita, spanakopita, dolmades, feta, kalamata olives, stuffed mushroom, and tzatziki dip ) The Spanakopita was cheesy, delicate melt in your mouth. The stuffed mushroom ( bacon) was firm not mushy and the bacon was delicate not in your face. The Tiropita was gentle with a buttery crust and delicate cheeses inside. All in all a lovely dish as a good introduction to greek food.  Our entrees arrived. The traditional Moussaka looking lovely in it's red sauce paired with lightly salted potatoes and a mixed vegetable. It was meaty, hearty , tomato flavor that tasted as if your greek mama slaved over it all day. Just enough mix of onion and egg to bring the flavors of the lamb alive.  The Veal Bacchanal was served in a creamy white sauce with mushrooms and artichoke hearts! It was tender, juicy and subtle yet very tasty... one bite combined with the artichokes and mushroom made me close my eyes and just say " AH'. fewdgasm!  Im usually not a fan of mixed veggies but the spice and tenderness made them quite tasty.  As we ate and enjoyed our wines, Alexia , the belly dancer began her moves. She is Yoryos' wife. She was very fluid, beautiful skilled and playful! She moved around all the diners....collecting a few dollars along the way :). The restaurant was full with many birthday groups ( the largest being 25) Yoryos and his wife invited many diners on the dance floor . One beautiful older lady ( 90 if a day) was up doing her own belly dance moves. It was as if one were in a greek home partying until the wee late hours! Of course we hit the dance floor a few times !  As we left Yoryos spoke with us about our evening, my children, his children.... and after I received a kiss , hug and admonition to not wait eight years to come back.....we went home with soul and stomach happy and content.  I give this restaurant 4 of 5 orchids! The service was adequate but not exceptional.  Im ready to go back and next time it will be for MY birthday !   The Bacchanal  Bacchanal 3015 E. Thomas Rd. Phoenix, Arizona 85016  Telephone: (602) 224-9377 Belly dancing Friday and Saturday night ( 8-1 ) Live music 8-1 am On Friday and Saturday they have special performances of Folk dancing and traditional Shoe dancing. And of course belly dancing!

4
0
M8LxUHI8dgBpADOjzIrlBw
Bobbies first bouquets ( no discounts) for birthdays were outstanding! Freesia, fresh, beautiful! So, when I saw the Groupon for the bouquet of the month I signed up expecting the same quality, service and freshness, NOT so. I've received the sorriest looking flowers and less than 7 stems every time.Its been a less than happy experience. The owner told me " I didn't do that promotion to just give away flowers! "shame on him.

2
0
9dopZKjYiKwPiw7kEQsEag
We went to Down Under Wines and Bistro with anticipation for wine tasting and some good food!. I was new to Down Under and anxious to see what the fuss was all about.  It was a busy, bustling fun-looking wine restaurant with the Aussie flare I anticipated. Yet I was not prepared for the lack of service, lack of attentiveness, confused staff  and negligence.  I will say the wines were tasty and well worth drinking..( yet they did not make the wines so I give them little credit for this ).    We ordered our two allotted appetizers. The pot-stickers  encouraged us as they were very tasty with just a touch of spice and tangy sauce. Not a fewd gasm  moment, but worth tasting again.   Loving bruschetta we decided to brave the combo of four : Wild Mushroom/ goat cheese with hint of citrus. This was unattractive, bland soggy mushrooms with some slimy white substance that didn't resemble any goat cheese I know of. Artichoke hearts with Lemon / parmesan cheese. Canned artichokes, hint of teeny lemon, and again unrecognizable bland white sauce  Smoked Salmon ( smoke was non- existent) , mascarpone( decent  not remarkable) . The salmon was said to have the chef's special sauce. It was so special we couldn't find it nor taste it. Loving fig with Prosciutto and Brie., I thought surely this one is going to rock! The fig was a cheaters version that tasted like a sad fig jam. We had barely a tiny  piece of prosciutto The cheese they called Brie - I've no idea what it was --and it was ,,, again , runny and bland.  This was disappointing along with the fact I filled mine and my companion's water glass all night. There was a mixed drink shaker edging its way toward us with a white liquid oozing out that we had to point out ( several servers went  past it all evening). It was not appetizing nor acceptable. Our bartender would laugh these comments off. The water pitchers were filled right in front of us  and yet not one server noticed our glasses.  We had been rather hungry but after very poor service and disappointingly  bland food we decided our leftover lamb shoulders at home surely would be better than what this attractive , initially intriguing bistro had to offer. We knew the service would be better .   I think it has potential and flare. Service can make or break a dining experience. Perhaps they need more servers or more training....  In the end, the bartender tried to make up a bit by offering a taste of a big red that was from Lodi winery resembling a lovely Truchard. It was pleasant but sadly did not leave us with a desire to return.  Giving one star was being generous.  We were almost served the wrong thing several times. The staff seemed very confused. They were attentive to their regulars .  Customer service means  you treat a person so they cant wait to come back.   There are many more tasty, intriguing restaurants of the valley I would rather feed my hunger and my soul.

1
0
