EivFjI834PZn1pCYqKENZg
zmFc8M-hS4uuyY0hklIpoQ
Phenomenal sandwiches, I can't stress that enough.  Possibly my favorite lunch spot in Phoenix.  Also, it's a great place to stop by during first Friday's or whenever you're barhopping in downtown.  Their beer selection is fairly solid too considering its such a small place, and you tend to appreciate the quaint, authentic Arizona look when you're inside.  I'd recommend Carly's to anybody looking for an outstanding (and affordable) lunch.

4
0
qkX9CmImtW97GHmt9NXKog
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but enjoy eternal lavishness in the waters of Tempe Town Lake."  Where should I start?  Is it fishing for 3 eyed barracuda?  The tranquil atmosphere caused by a sudden draining of the lake?  Or is it the 100 ft. yachts and things?  Take your pick.  Never mind the fact that the music video for "Hypnotize" was filmed at this majestic location, or that the light rail transports thousands of Phoenician residents across this vast body of water daily at a brisk pace of 5 mi/hr, TTL is a feeding ground for Arizona's finest gators (click on the link below).  Because as we all know, farmed fish are pricey these days!  My favorite TTL moment was watching Kid Rock perform at the Tempe Music Festival in 2009.  If I'm 100% honest with you, I don't think it gets any better than standing next to that lake hearing Kid belt out his best sonic tunes.  MY NAME IS KIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  http://www.azfamily.com/news/local/Alligator-being-brought-in-to-eat-Tempe-Town-Lake-fish-99110809.html  Also, check out the many boat options for TTL, especially the one in the link below.    Jeans                     - check bicycle on kayaks - check life vest                    - check  http://boats4rent.com/tempe-town-lake/boats/hydrobike/

5
0
5J_IcP4q_WIBw721yK49ng
Incredibly unresponsive - I can never get a hold of TKS Handyman Service.  This is the second time I've needed something repaired at my place and both times I've left messages and called multiple times - never a response.

1
0
