ElJy1o7brQ9O4zxNF5PQYg
9OPheVf5o8sRcRHxJDl4-A
H. L. Mencken once said, "The martini: the only American invention as perfect as the sonnet."  Sidebar does this quote justice.  Quite possibly THE best Martini I've ever had. These guys (well, "ladies" to be proper. The blonde behind the bar is one of the best bartender's I've encountered) are amazing. They have a devilishly interesting cocktail menu which even enticed a gentleman like myself who usually drinks something straight to step outside of his box. Definitely try the Gin Blossom and the Whiskeyberry Sour. They're creative and delicious. If you've never had a Moscow Mule, please, do yourself a favor and get one here. It's too good to pass up (but just make sure to return the copper mug they serve it in!) Maybe it's just me, but I was also impressed/very happy they had spearmint mints in the bathroom. It's the little things, I suppose...

5
0
H-pXhtIE-rRfHiusL685ng
I freely admit I'm kind of a beer snob...  Now that we've got that untidy tidbit out of the way, Taste of Tops is probably my favorite place to have a drink this side of the Mississippi. A readily revolving reservoir of refreshing remedies, Taste of Tops is a veritable oasis for a beer connoisseur, amateur snob, or DGAF type alike (although it DEFINITELY caters to the former two). I've struck up many a random conversation with individuals with far more knowledge than myself and it has not only expanded my interest in several types or styles of beer I would have not tried, it has also humbled me to the extent of how much one can really know about beer in general. If you're intimidated, it's OK. Step back... take a breath... pick something... and dive in.  To be honest, I felt somewhat out of place the first time I sallied up to the bar. It can seem intimidating for someone who's not been in a "speakeasy" style establishment, as seating can sometimes be difficult to come by and it sometimes seems like everyone knows everyone else BUT you. It's worth the wait and the temporary sense of possible discomfort. Trust me.  The biggest benefit (for me, at least) is the sheer amount of beers you can "technically" consume whilst at the establishment. For those who aren't satisfied by their constantly refreshing draft menu, you are able to inform your bartender what specific beer from any fridge they have available you'd like to consume (Taste of Tops or Tops Liquors) and after paying a monetary bottling fee, enjoy it amid friends (or enemies, if that's you're bag). Nonetheless, I appreciate the extreme variety of choice that Taste of Tops offers.  They constantly have wine or beer tastings, freshly tapped kegs of relatively unknown or difficult to find stuff (HOPSLAM!!!) and a friendly staff of people who honestly appreciate, are interested in, and want to promote the craft beer community. What more could you want?

4
0
MTUN0lKKoq7yN4fWagJ-3Q
Tried twice to visit. First time, they were "closed for renovations". Second time, there was a notice of deficient lease. Be aware, they may be closed!

1
0
