eLq7cmvN9_EjNfXpl6D6LA
AaKlegu7gmOCD4rEESF76Q
Maizie's was our first stop on the Urban Wine Walk this weekend. The wine was good but their pizza and bruschetta bites were great. The service was friendly not to mention easy on the eyes. ;-)  I love the atmosphere of the restaurant as well, friendly, and casual with a nice patio as well. We are most definitely going back to Maizie's soon.

4
0
nIX7WiUPekK5YpiRQorxlQ
I am amazed that this place got such bad reviews. This was the best pancakes I have ever had! The service was great as well. The owner came out and chatted with us as well. Gina is so sweet and nice. I'm telling everyone that lives in the East Valley to go there. There are not many places that you can get fast & good service with phenomenal food!  I had the oven-baked banana nut pancakes. They were fantastic. The other person I was with got pancakes, eggs, and bacon. I stole a piece of bacon from his plate and it was delicious. Its difficult to find a place that cooked bacon just right. Not too crispy but not flimsy.  I'm not an owner nor related to the owner. I am just an East Valley resident who was pleasantly surprised that this restaurant is in my neighborhood.  The restaurant is not much to look at from the outside or the street but the food is what makes this restaurant worth while.

5
0
neEGFNmmKibjExB4_215ZA
This place was one of the last stops on our Urban Wine Walk. The wine and drink selection was decent. However, the service was lousy. The glasses had the smell of dirty dish water. The flat bread... what flat bread? The samples consisted of one burnt piece of crust that was the size of a cracker. When we asked the waiter for more, he just shrugged his shoulders and moved on to the next table. He also couldn't do simple math when trying to split our bill. This restaurant should have done a better job on estimating how many people would show up for this walk and provided enough food and service for this event. I will not be eating here on any day, even if its for an event.

1
0
