EmngYsaFbNMUUQfM5DBnQw
lHr-aMBHh29zLpuB2ShAMQ
I recently visited tanzy before viewing at Ipic. The food and service was outstanding. The bartenders have a great array of drinks and recommendations. The service was great and very attentive. The food is by far the best thing there. The brussel sprouts and calamari appetizers were out of this world. The calamari is not bar food calamari that has been fried, instead its sauteed and is very fresh. For my main dish I had the seafood ciopinno. It was a wide variety of fresh seafood over pasta and the spices used were to perfection. I will continue to eat here before going to the movies and I recommend you do that same!

5
0
s2lCXuJ3fUWf5Itf9QnrMQ
Always a good time when we come here. Actually we came twice this weekend for the happy hour. The surfer roll is amazing and so is the spicy scallop nigiri! The drinks are Fantastic too but a lil pricey for happy hour is the only reason I did not give it 5 stars.   My family and I come to this Arcadia gem for the sushi and good times.

4
0
XgvgnS2AUcsupQERLNuMLw
Today my fiancé and I went their for breakfast and I had accidentally left my wallet on the table. I called to see if someone had picked it up but the owner had said she did not hear of anything. I then went down to the restaurant and talked to the waiter who serves us and said he didn't see a wallet but took my number down.   I then went to the barbershop next door thinking I maybe dropped it in the parking lot. The kind barber said he saw me eating their earlier and told the waiter that I had left a wallet on the table. (The same employee who I questioned). The barber went over the with me to confront the guy who then admitted to his owner that he took it off the table and left it in his apron but it was gone.   Turns out the employee took it home but when I threatened I would have the police come he magically went home and said he accidentally switched aprons and now my wallet appeared. Too bad I'm afraid he copied my credit cards numbers down and had to cancel everyone of them.   I worked in the restaurant industry for many year and I would never think of doing this to someone. The owner was very cooperative and helped resolve the situation quickly.  I hate to always blame an establishment for one bad egg, but it left a sour taste in my mouth this time.  I hope in the future I  can return there with different results!

1
0
