euB99cGZmezCOMcsIj0Zyw
oJpmYvLibGrYPDvcaUeMOw
We drive past this place all the time, there are always ample people seated on the front window and a Singha sign hangs proudly proclaiming "Don't worry, we have cold beer to wash that red curry down with".  The restaurant is undoubtedly set in a 50s style diner which has been overhauled with the appropriate amount of asian-inspired chachkies. The juxtaposition of 50's style polynesian inspired fixtures, a bubbling fish tank and the smell of curry is just like being in Bankok...almost.  Our table for two was promptly seated at twenty to nine, they close early so make this a first stop on your night out in CenPho.  The food was outstanding: Chicken Satay with a delicious peanut sauce, skewered and grilled as one would expect.  The Tom Yum Soup with chicken, fresh mushrooms and an ample amount of fresh lemon-grass was when we knew we had a winner. The broth was tangy and the floating, dried red chilis made a perfect contribution to the flavors.  The Red Chicken Curry with green beans and bell peppers and Pad Thai with Chicken and Shrimp were also outstanding. Portions are generous so beware!  All of this was paired masterfully with a crisp Singha beer or two, the faint taste of fromaldahide only found in Asain beers lets you know you've just had an authentic experience.  That Hut is highly recommended for their authentic food, great tastes and value.

4
0
A0XfklsS6vYFWRI9HifTvQ
Make sure you make a "reservation" as you are not allowed to "stand" in the bar area. Would have liked to enjoy a drink but the half empty establishment had too many reservations and due to their asinine no standing rule we were offered two choices 1) stand in the corner in time-out without a drink for an hour or 2) find someplace else to drink.  So we decided to walk across the street and find another bar that allowed standing. This isn't hard since most places in the world will allow you to stand and have a drink.  B&T must have a slamming anchor tenant deal because serving anywhere remotely close to their capacity is clearly not interesting.  Just remember "Summer is coming..." And you are going to need patrons.  Good luck!

1
0
