f1ZP0Uioxv7YQHaU6n9Tsw
ewZlgc22xN5NNQ1H7U6Y7g
Worst service ever.  I called in a curbside order was placed on hold for 6 min before I decided to hang up & try again this time I didn't let her put me on hold & explained I had already held long enough.  She promptly got someone to take my order, a lunch Sante Fe salad.  That's it nothing more.  I arrived 20 min later, they gave me a 15 min window, I felt that was ample time.  I get there & curbside parking is obviously not being observed, it never is.  So I call & say I'm just parked up front not in those spots, as they are taken.  I waited 10 min no one came out.  I found a place to park & went in.  The gentleman running out the door had my food & said he was the only one working and he was very sorry.  I am very sorry that I aw at least 3 others standing around.  There was gentleman right by the bakery, yet no one could help him get out of the weeds?  I'm sorry for him trying to do his best while his manager & co workers watched him literally run around to try & attend to his afternoon lunch orders.  Shame on you Cheesecake Factory!

2
0
Ane4XcpP7aWzhjd8SGiciQ
I've waited to post a review to give red robin a chance.  Sometimes there are circumstances that we the consumer don't see.... With that said my 3rd time getting take out & all 3 times a fail!! Ordered a royal burger as I do each time... Cheat meal! First time I asked for no tomato & med well. Well let's say bloody burger went in the trash! 2nd time I added spinach artichoke dip.  Literally the dip had maybe 2 Tbs in the giant cup it was put in, embarrassing that they were OK with that.  Tonight .. Craving a burger, get my usual... But instead got a hockey puck that was missing part of the patty bun was mushy ... So bad!!! Won't go back EVER!! #livedownthestreettoo

1
0
sK8LGweauWBjJOgnG7Ua6w
Great seafood spot will definitely visit again.  Great bubbly service from Brittany! Had wanted to truly try everything but selected the crab & spinach dip along with the crab cakes.  Very delicious. Followed by grilled Mahdi mani with house seasoning (amazing) blackened & served with lobster bisque & grilled asparagus.  So much food but oh sooooo good! Wanted to try the key lime pie but couldn't even finish my food!  Can't wait to go back!  The menu has an amazing concept in building your own dish.  I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 for one simple reason Our food & plates were left to sit in front of us the entire time we lingered & chatted.  We paid our tab & left dishes still on the table.  Overall great experience.

4
0
