F6af8hugErqOV4gTdjKDqQ
Jp8Tz0_OK3T71eYPmC2qww
It's possible to get a great massage here.  But it isn't always easy.    On the massage side, I've had massages from all three therapists who presently work here.  One is my absolute favorite in town.  You can tell from the other reviews that the therapists here know what they're doing.  The reason I gave four stars instead of five is because, logistically, I've had some frustrations getting appointments (calls not being returned, website booking glitches, etc.).  Once I showed up and the therapist was double-booked, so I was sent away.  Although I don't think the double-booking was her fault, she later sent an apology and did what she could to make it right (that was after I left a more heated review on here, so who knows if it would have happened otherwise . . . but I still appreciated the gesture).  If they can get the booking glitches ironed out I'll be a happy camper.

4
0
DdTHpwJVU_6F43Thp-gIVg
Dino's was great.  I called them to diagnose and repair a broken washing machine.  They came out the very next morning and showed up right on time (the early end of a two hour window).  The technician, Jake, was friendly, professional, and he had the problem diagnosed after I had spoken a single sentence.  He fixed the washer and was on his way in 25 minutes, and all I had to pay for was the service call.  Five stars for Dino's!

5
0
9Nb0OOBSMbJ76hngCYjKuw
Don't eat here!  In short, I agree with the other reviewers who said "crappy food," "terrible customer service," and "overpriced."  My office just moved downtown and I thought I'd grab a slice to go for lunch.  How long could that take?  Answer: 20 minutes.  It was nine bucks for a cheese slice, a tiny salad and a tiny drink.    The pizza was mediocre at best.  The gal behind the counter asked if I wanted ranch or vinaigrette on the salad.  I said vinaigrette, and she gave me ranch.  When I reiterated that I had asked for vinaigrette, she said "oh, we're out of that."    THEN WHY DID YOU EVEN ASK ME?    Finally made it to the cashier, who was taking her sweet time with everyone (even thought the line was back to the entry door).  I asked if she had a bag (she didn't offer) since I was taking the food to go.  Instead of bagging up my order, she handed me the food and an empty plastic bag.  So I had to bag it all up myself and further hold up the line.    I predict this place would die in a heartbeat if it weren't for the convention center being across the street -- and deservedly so.

1
0
qeZnsIJPPuTHIdOpE9eBtA
I've been there three times now, and most likely won't be going back.  The food is decent but overpriced (IMHO), and the service is slow, which is okay if you're just killing time before a Suns game, but not so much when you're on a work lunch break.    I first got a turkey & cheese sandwich.  Well, I should say I paid for turkey and cheese, but they forgot the cheese (which they charge extra for).  The sandwich was literally bread and turkey, period.  The turkey itself was good, but overall the sandwich was incredibly plain (and $9 bucks for the half sandwich after tax).  And the wait was about 10 minutes.  The next time I went to check out their breakfast.  I was the only person in the restaurant, so you'd think it would be quick.  Nope.  It must have taken 3-4 minutes before the cook even came out.  Then another 8-10 minutes to cook two eggs, a slice of ham, and hash browns, and another couple of minutes to get someone else to wrap it all up and hand it to me.    The last time I got a bowl of chili and a hot dog.  Over $9 bucks, and another ridiculously long wait, made more aggravating by the fact that there were 2-3 employees just standing around.   When I got back to my office and opened up the bag, realized they didn't give me (or offer to give me) ketchup, mustard, or anything else for the hot dog.    It's too bad.  I really wanted to like this place.  I predict it won't last very long, but hopefully I'm wrong.

2
0
