F8REvqCL9BjIp6B9rUU_2Q
VYUfIfAlU1KuYGC6ITRY3A
We wanted to try Blue Wasabi since it's located near our home and I had heard about it from friends.  If you're a big fan of sushi, this is not the place for you.  The sushi was mediocre...while they cleverly name their sushi, they don't deliver the quality and prices were slightly higher than usual.  The atmosphere is very Scottsdale-esqe, and could be fun if you and your girlfriends were going out for drinks as their martinis were awesome.    They should nix the Sushi and simply be a martini bar.

2
0
wZYDAVvEJYHkuNaLMBg_HQ
My friends and I wanted to try this place since we pass by it so often.  One Friday, we decided to try it out for dinner.  When we arrived we were told there was a 30 min wait.  As we waited, we noticed that all the tables that would normally seat 4-6 people, only had 2 people seated.  There were 2 tables available that could seat 2 (we were a party of 4).    Our wait took longer than 30 minutes, so we decided to sit for Teppanyaki.  This took an additional 30 minutes and when we asked the hostess when it would be our table's turn for the Chef, she said it would be another 50 minutes.  (There were 6 Teppan tables and 2 chefs on a Friday night!)  Needless to say, we left and ate at the Chinese restaurant across the way.    I don't know if their service this particularly night was out of the norm, but I would prepare would a long wait if you decide to eat here.

1
0
3yF_oEqKpLwIf4orDh3_Zw
I receive massages regularly and couldn't get an appointment  at my usual spot.  I noticed Touch of Tranquility when we drive past it but never thought to check it out UNTIL I just had to be seen one day.  And I have to say that Kathleen at Touch of Tranquility is THEE best massage therapist!  The place has a soothing vibe and reasonable prices for their services. They are open until 9pm on most weekdays.  The entire staff is very friendly.  The place is very clean with perfect temps and music volumes.   I've gotten a massage from other therapists here and they are very good as well.  They offer couple packages for all you lovebirds. It includes a 1 hour couple massage and you can enjoy champagne and chocolate covered strawberries after.   Try them once and you'll be hooked.  The service and pricing is phenomenal. You can thank me later :)

5
0
