F_4N2dGWBvG3VDMmIc_cBg
fDZzCjlxaA4OOmnFO-i0vw
The last time I was here we had a big group and so the slower service made sense. But today it's just me and my friend. We asked if the bar was open seating and they said no. The hostess passed us over because she can't confirm what she heard.  In the meantime people just walked up and sat at the bar. Great....so we did the same. The problem is understaffing and mis-staffing. The bar guy is responsible for so much that he's super busy but others are standing around laughing, not rushing and most importantly not helping out. The food was decent but nothing special. The bacon of course is outstanding but the little things are missed.

2
0
83RLRT-MsvXQJrmIanqVYA
It's just so expensive even for craft beers...the worst is that bar tenders and wait staff are all trained to tell you the same thing when you ask why they're only bringing you a 10 oz pour. They say it's because of the alcohol content...which isn't true...and they know it...or they should know it!! As a matter of fact just last night they pulled that BS on me and she said..." Sir, anything with 8% or higher ABV is poured in 10 oz glass." I said well that beers not 8%....when she checked (because of course I'm wrong) she came back and said, "well it's a really rare keg and it's about profitability"....yeah. That's what I thought...$5.85 for a 10 oz Oskar Blues IPA...too expensive. You'd think a place owned by the owner of Boulders would be a great place too...but as they are quick to point out "this isn't Boulders..." To which I easily reply "you're damn right it's not!" The food is just ok...the wait staff is hit and miss

1
0
tcn6SVQRyEu3aa2KktRR9g
Great breakfast place! There's never a wait and at times it's very slow. The food is consistently great. They have an open kitchen and counter for seating that is super long. Their prices are reasonable and the specials actually are specials.   The reason for the one star reduction is petty for some but important to me...biscuits. They're AWESOME when they're fresh but usually they're day olds and less than awesome. If they start making biscuits daily they will shoot to 5 stars in my book!  Try this place out, you won't regret it!

4
0
