fATCx3-YgBJxMoGxi_l0Qw
mWwwyhwQedu6iR2_yVF-qQ
As I was walking in, I noticed an employee sitting at a table eating by the window, and I told my boyfriend who was with me, "I hope she isn't making our sandwiches." Sure enough...without a "welcome" she heads to the back through the door and comes around to the food area and slides her gloves on. She asked, "How can I help?" as she cleaned her teeth with her tongue - making that horrible smacking noise. Oh my goodness. And I told her we had a coupon for buy a footlong and large drink get 1 free. She replied with, "Let me see that." with an attitude as if I was lying. I handed it to her and she read it out loud, sighed, handed it back to me and asked what bread I wanted. At this point I should have walked out, but I was curious as to how she would complete my order so I continued with my order. I asked if she could put the sides in a small container since I would be saving the other half of the sandwich for lunch tomorrow (didn't want it to get soggy) and she told me no, and that I'd have to buy the container. Well that's not true because I am a regular Subway customer at different locations and not once have I even been questioned on that. So I told her she could stick it in a cup. She gave me this horrible look and grabbed a cup. Remember guys, I ordered a footlong. She put literally 4 small pickles in a cup. Um okay, even for a 6 inch, 4 pickles isn't anything. I asked for her to put a little more she literally put "a little more." So I had a footlong with about 6 pickles. Thank goodness I had pickles at home. After she rings everything up she hands us the bag and tends to a customer behind us. HAVE A GOOD NIGHT TO YOU TOO. My receipt says her name is Lonna, but there were 2 girls in there so I'm not sure if it was the rude one or the other one who was kind of standing there. Either way, customer service is horrible there, and you might as well take down all the "Were hiring" signs because no one is going to want to work there...which is probably why you're hiring the first place.

1
0
QUDPDpVrUb-1G3EscEhv6w
Reliable, trustworthy and quality work. You can depend on the job to get done. Ronnie was awesome!

5
0
