fmDaKTIgBuenDlqK6hND0A
Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ
This has been a staple since I moved to Phoenix and has never disappointed. From the service, which is always informative, patient (and kind, as my dining companion is always ponderous over the menu) and thorough. No detail is left out.   The food is consistent, flavorful and diverse. Best black bean soup in town! I recently revisited after a brief hiatus and discovered, to my delight, their Wedge salad that I donned with beef tenderloin. It easily disappeared in record time. I only stopped to take sips of my filthy vodka martini.  I am always reminded that this place can fit any occasion, from a romantic dinner to a night out with friends. They are always eager to accommodate! Brunch is nice and mellow as well.   If you're ever looking for a neighborhood staple, this should be in your rotation.

5
0
AaKlegu7gmOCD4rEESF76Q
Oh Maizie's, I've always had a love/hate relationship with you.   My first visit to Maizie's had me hunting for their Inside Out cheeseburgers. I'd heard raves and praises. I was psyched.  Meh. Nothing special. In fact, it was a bit of a disaster. The more I ate, the more I felt like a 5-year-old had invented this concept. It's not as good as it sounds. Believe me.  The service was equally disappointing.   After pleas from my staple dining companion, I went back for an afternoon lunch and cocktail. What a turnaround! Great Blackened Steak Salad. It paired nicely with a honey bourbon concoction. Packs a nice savory/sweet punch! Service still sucked, but I was willing to overlook it. Phoenix ambiance, snobby Scottsdale-like service.   I went back several times for the salad and cocktail. It was on my dining rotation.   Then, recently, we decided to grab takeout. Bad idea. The server on the other end of the phone sounded annoyed that we were calling! She barked that they weren't serving the salad any longer. Mmm, okkkay. Snap decisions led me to their regular burger, hoping that I wouldn't regret. I also was willing to forgive the crappy service. Maybe she was slammed?  Arrive for pickup. Sure enough, slammed. Ok, ok. I'll let it go. Excited to enjoy my burger, I dive in immediately after arriving home.   Meh. In fact, below meh. Delux, it was not. Floppy ciabatta bread, greasy burger, plain and underwhelming. In fact, I would've preferred my grandmother's  burger. And believe me, my Salvadoran grandmother made HORRIBLE burgers.   Maizies, unless I'm dining or drinking with a crowd and overruled, you won't be seeing me anytime soon.

1
0
