fO2Wrz-Ymk-bDeVjeYjqtQ
8ZwO9VuLDWJOXmtAdc7LXQ
The Clarendon is an incredible place. Not only is it an independent hotel, it's affordable (especially during off-times), it's hip, and it offers unmatched value in Phoenix.  Why stay in a bland Hilton or a sketchy Motel 6 when you can stay at this funky hotel for about the same price or even less?   I booked a King room in November for an incredibly great price and had a phenomenal experience. We were greeted warmly at check-in and offered free wine; yes please! There were no hidden fees, and our parking spot was covered and well-lit. I felt safe walking between the car and the hotel, even late at night. You can't discount the value of safety.   Our room was great. It was very colorful and retro, with tilt-shift/lomography prints on the walls. We had a big, comfy bed with ample pillows and a funky settee. The flat panel TV was a major plus, and my boyfriend and I both loved the long dresser/desk which accommodated both of our computers. All of the little touches - from the drawer pulls to the carpet - made our room feel special from the moment we walked in.   Now, to close, I present the Amazing List of Free Things at The Clarendon:  1. Covered Parking 2. Wine at Check-in 3. Pool and gym 4. Wi-Fi 5. Minibar after dark (Candy, snacks, soda!) 6. Photogenic Surroundings  Need I say more? The Clarendon rocks, and I can't wait to go back again!

5
0
6xnPUriIYokNaocrKRWMRw
I always drive by this place when I'm in Tempe and never stopped until this evening. After some spicy wings, I thought froyo would be the perfect way to cool off my tastebuds.   As we entered Yogurtini, I was initially impressed by the decor. Mod, space-agey furnishings in white and aqua gave me high expectations for the quality and taste of the froyo.   I was not too impressed by the selection of flavors, however. There seemed to be a lot of just white/off white/vanilla varients. Meh. I tried cake batter, peanut butter, and snickerdoodle. On a side note - I think Yogurtini has the hugest yogurt cup I've ever seen in my life. I could have worn it as a fez. Who could eat that much?!  The toppings bar was where Yogurtini disappointed me. They had a large variety and a few unconventional toppings (I was pleased to see frosted animal cookies!) but the topping bar was messy and disorganized. Some of the toppings were mixed together and there didn't seem any concern for nut allergies since they were jumbled up with the fruits and cookies. My favorite topping is Reese's peanut butter cups, and I had a major problem spooning them onto my yogurt. It looked like the Reese's had been mashed with a potato masher and compacted into a solid brick in the bottom of the container. I tried to pry some out with the spoon, but they were packed so tightly that I had to use force; the Reese's ended up flying all over the place! It was like a Reese's massacre.   As for the taste of the yogurt, I was really disappointed by the snickerdoodle. It overwhelmed the other flavors, which were both so bland that they just kind of disappeared. The snickerdoodle fro-yo tasted like bad cinnamon gum to me. The texture of the yogurt wasn't bad, but definitely not the best that I've had.   Overall, Yogurtini gets points for having animal cookies, thin mints (!), and decent decor. The toppings bar and the yogurt itself need work.

2
0
