FSwE9ZrRW-rhw-bvyIZUfw
S6xbqP4m7s5zgxX8souN4w
I saw Dr. Chasby today and left crying and frustrated. I was severely bitten by a dog a few months ago and was left with a U shaped scar on my thigh. The dog was unleashed and the owner about 10 feet away in my apartment complex. I am now permanently marred by  his animal.   I booked this appointment a few weeks ago and have been waiting. After filling out 10 min of paperwork I he literally looks at it for a minute and tells me that scar revision would not help the scar that I have. Mind you another doctor emailed me saying he could get it close to invisible for $2k.   Dr. Chasby told me that it was permanent but refused to make a record of his medical opinion which I needed for my law suit, saying it wasn't as bad as other scars he's seen. Just because it isn't as bad, doesn't mean it still isn't a permanent ugly bite mark on my body that I do not deserve and will have for life. It's my body, and I WILL BE THE ONE who decides what looks 'fine' on MY BODY. He then stated that he "could not give me extra padding if I planned to file a law suite." No sir, I am not requesting that. But I am requesting you make record of the professional opinion you gave me that I am indeed permanently scarred.   He then had the nerve to tell me that my legs looked great regarding their muscle tone attempting to distract me from my frustrated tears. This experience was completely unprofessional on multiple levels.   Thank you for wasting my time today Dr. Chasby.

1
0
aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw
I love it. music is good, people (workers and clientele) are great, the food is the bomb. Ive had the risotto which is so so good (no meat and still amazing and light), also the bacon and jalapeno mac n cheese is so yummy. I love these two so much I havent even ventured to try other menu items but im sure they're good as well.   My ONE caveat is that the wifi is so SLOW. Most likely because they always have a full bustling house. If they could fix this, I would be there much more often. I work from home/am mobile with work, and would love to work here more!

4
0
P5S53mTS907bkym4kd7qFQ
I LOVE Pure Barre. Before Pure Barre I was the person that used the free gyms in complexes, or the cheap $20-30/mo gym memberships, never really liking the gym because I'm not motivated there which means no results!   Enter pure barre. I first started last November for the $100/mo first time special. it was still alot from me but a girl friend from volleyball had started teaching there and was telling me about it. I tried a class and loved it. The music is awesome, the instructors are energetic, and they correct your positioning so that you get the most out of the exercise as well as protecting you from getting hurt. Amazing.   What's also awesome is the structure of the class. We do a variety of positions and reps, but never too long so that you are bored, which is great. Goes by so fast. If you are a busy girl like me, you need that hour to be EFFECTIVE. And it is. I haven't been this fit for years.   I'm moving to Denver in a few months, and am literally making sure wherever I move is near one of their studios, I am hooked for life.

5
0
