FVeRHXOPW1GnSUt344N2CQ
oOo0xGOVq7cYTP1fORdoFg
Appeared to be a beautiful market, though was quite disappointed when going through the check-out line that had the Store Director "helping out". He didn't really even acknowledge me (e.g. ask how I was doing, if I found everything okay or even really acknowledge another human being was across from him). Instead he was talking to another person behind me and then answered the phone as he rang up my items. The only thing he said to me was "would you like something to drink with that?" So, if that is leading by example... ??   Beautiful decor and great selection are just part of a success story, though leadership that models great customer service is something essential. My suggestion is "Pay attention and be in the moment with the customer, Mr. Store Director (Ralf Wilhelm)..."

2
0
mhLN_oiJd7zq6eaOS1Nw1A
Other than missing the tropical breezes of the Islands, this particular Roy's has some of the best ambiance of all.  First off, the service is awesome! Matthew is extraordinary at the bar! He is very friendly, super-attentive, knowledgeable and generous. I recommend dining at the bar if you have the option.  Next, the decor is very pleasing. Though the locations I've been to on the Islands (Kauai and Ko'Olina) are wonderful just because it is Hawaii afterall, the design of this location is more aesthetically pleasing and intimate. I've dined here a total of three times now - twice in the bar and once in the restaurant and I find it very enjoyable.  Finally, the food is consistent with all other Roy's locations, which is very good. Tonight I enjoyed the potstickers and had just an "okay" experience with the seasonal salad only because I didn't inquire about the dressing (didn't pair well with my wine). Matthew was kind enough to bring me something to clear my palate afterwards so I could enjoy the remainder of my wine. From my recollection of the other two visits, I remember the food to be quite enjoyable (I believe I had the butterfish at least once and maybe even twice).  When in Chandler, Roy's definitely ranks highly in my book. I almost went somewhere else to expand my experience when in the area, though am glad I didn't.   I've dined at several other Roy's just for context: Kauai, Ko'Olina, San Francisco, and Carmel and this is one of the nicest. Who knows, I may be visiting the Ko'Olina location again in just over a week...

5
0
OE7RmfGvpvSEv4g3xDKfSw
I love the new trend with airport dining!  I've been to Chelsea's Kitchen twice now and am thankful for the healthy and innovative dining option. The wine choices (by the glass) are great too!  In fact, yesterday I dined here upon my arrival as I figured it was just as good as any dining in the area (based on my experience from my first visit last year).  I was not disappointed when I enjoyed the ahi tacos. The service is also attentive and speedy (for those needing to catch flights).  I look forward to my visit to Phoenix airport as this dining experience is well worth it!

4
0
