FVSpUG2tCifMcs2sFTTzqw
ETpdc89uE3_Y-r7jrD2UyQ
My husband and I love this family-owned local business! We have been using them for at least 6 years and we wouldn't even think of using another company!

5
0
4hNjK7TpXjb86rfLDvL1lA
Friendly and knowledgeable staff! They even have a nutritionist on site which shows their dedication to promote healthy living! I think it's great that they make the food daily and have appropriate portion sizes.  I gave it only 4 stars instead of 5 because they didn't have as many vegetarian/vegan meals as I would have liked. What I did purchase though tasted delicious! I look forward to going back and checking out their meals again!

4
0
Cun_PbjTnPdfZRZAd9wx2A
It is a fact that I will NEVER go to Eggstasy ever again! HORRIBLE HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!  I WOULD ADVISE AGAINST ANYONE GOING THERE.  The food is actually decent BUT the service is quite terrible. We were a large party, but frankly they did not know how to keep our orders organized. The waiter had no idea what he was doing, the manager could care less that the service was so bad and actually yelled at us, then the last straw was the obnoxious owner who claimed that the staff did nothing wrong!   I'm sorry but I do not think it should take an hour to get a beverage! We were also sitting in the hot sun during midday and had to beg for water!  They never once apologized for the terrible service. They made one lame attempt to give my friend a $20 gift card (this brunch was her birthday celebration with friends & family) but when she tried to use it, they refused to take it! Then the owner violently ripped the gift card right out of my friend's hands!!! The waiter also acted inappropriately many times and got very angry, and then towards the end he actually took one of those leather binders that the checks come in and threw it against the wall as he stormed off!!  The whole thing was soooo unbelievable.  As I've been telling the story, more people have shared with me that they also had very bad experiences with the service! If you have no desire to actually provide customer service and make sure that people can enjoy their food in a comfortable, friendly environment - then GET OUT OF THE HOSPITALITY BUSINESS!  Ok, venting done. Had to get that out and WARN people!  Thanks for listening!

1
0
