fXjtjab5rSVWhIW03CAtYw
evbnfEfvdreP11yLIw7SzQ
I have a 2006 BMW 325i which has recently gone out of warranty.  It's a great car, but I was concerned about having to pay for service given my past experience with out of warranty items at the dealer.  I was also apprehensive about getting a bad service experience after getting spoiled with the fine work at the dealer's service center.  And then I found Babbitt Motor Werks.  I've been to the Mesa shop three times over the last year.  Every experience I've had with them has been stellar.  Eric, who I've worked with each time, is always accommodating, up front, and spot on with his estimates.  The first time I went there, I got a quote for the same work from a BMW dealer in town and it was more than twice what Babbitt quoted.  They can usually get the work done in the same day.  I highly recommend it.

5
0
ke3RFq3mHEAoJE_kkRNhiQ
Great service experience, decent food, but a little bit pricey for BBQ.  We were greeted as soon as we walked in and sat at a booth within a minute or two.  The smoked brisket was good, but a little fatty for me.  My wife had the Mardi Gras chicken which I think I will get next time.  It was excellent fresh, but also really good as leftovers the next day.    I also noticed from where we were sitting that the server greeted some customers as they came in and sat them when the hostess was occupied with other customers.  Good to see teamwork on the service side.

4
0
LYcHGQQHep1COP4Qg433SQ
My wife and I tried to eat here, but we couldn't get the staff's attention.  We entered through the main entrance, saw the "seat yourself" signs, and sat ourselves outside.  We're both easy going so this is fine.  We looked through the menus, decided what we wanted, chose our drinks, and tried to make eye contact with the staff.    The last straw was when, after 15-20 minutes of sitting there without any acknowledgement, the manager came by and looked at us, instructed the busser to do something with the fireplace near our table, turned on his heel, and went back to hanging out with his employees.  We were looking for some sort of hint that he would send someone over, but we did not get it.  The worst restaurant service experience I had in Paris was better than this.  I wasn't even mangling the language and we felt like personae non gratae.  We ate at Lucille's Barbeque around the corner instead, which was great.

1
0
