fz_A5IlXXe8COKO50E9T6g
n4kQBw7XX1tSJMPhM5SyAQ
I love these outlets and always find fantastic deals there.  Thank you for a great place to shop!, variety in shopping, clean, great location, tons of things in the area to do. They have it all;great storesI love coupon book and mailed coupons are fantastic and more now that you have the Bebe shop ofcourse I recommend you to go shopping at outlas

5
0
qQw1b6f6eLu3pmVDLw3e3Q
Quite literally Zipps on Mill Ave. in Tempe is a Horrible place to eat....   You walk in and nobody greets you... they are in a constant state of "training" new wait staff because the manager is a total douchebag... and they are on the edge of going out of business... so the food is cheap and they "pad the bill" with all kinds of undisclosed up charges...  And their turnover is high because wait staff likely quit all the time because the food is such poor quality..   The drinks at Zipps are watered down with the cheapest well liquor... yet they charge $6-$8 for a tiny drink during happy hour...   The chicken wings were laced with margarine hot sauce that makes your stomach rumble with each bite,... their fryer oil is filthy... the ranch is like tartar sauce and rancid tasting...  The onion rings are the most disgusting looking I've ever seen and their burger meat is cheap and raunchy tasting....  We ordered our drinks for 3 people.... and it took 3 different waitresses 25 minutes to get our drinks... We ordered drinks before 7pm on a Friday Happy hour... the place was barren and empty... Now we know why....  We were told she 'got our drinks in'.... yet they charged us full price for the drinks and included an additional $2.25 undisclosed "upcharge for each cheap well margarita with strawberry flavor...  The food is honestly disgusting at Zipps... the onion rings come out dark brown falling apart with the cheapest batter Ive ever witnessed, the $8.99 burger comes out on a cheap deformed tiny bun you could buy at a gas station...  I complained to the manager that the burger had decomposing lettuce on it... we also explained to two waitresses and the dickhead manager that we were overcharged for drinks and 3 times they made us wait for the check...  Each time they returned and refused to correct the full price drinks from happy hour... this manager has no authority yet when we left them with ZERO tip for their dishonesty I saw them adjusting the bill to get their tip out of the cash we paid... over $50 for the worst food... My husband stopped at circle K for 1000Mg Tums on the way home from this dirty poorly run tempe location.  They offered us a coupon for a future visit... we will never return to ANY Zipps location. The manager is a total douchebag that would not even take $5 off the bill or correct the terrible food production from their lame kitchen.. I am reporting them to the health inspector because you can get food poisoning at this location... It is THAT BAD....   But by all means check out the deplorable service, crappy food and horrible management and staff for yourself if you like living dangerously at Zipps which makes sense cause you get zero quality food, zip nada zilch for service and they lie to you and try to pad the bill.... then the manager comes over and tells you they agree with the waitress and rip you off... lovely...   This restaurant is the worst Ive ever eaten at in AZ period.  I would not give them even one star... Why? Because they have no business being in the hospitality industry with their negative attitudes, lack of ethic and cheap tactics...  Buyer beware... go to PF Changs, Gordon Biersch or any reputable restaurant that can afford quality food... and to hire an actual staff.,..  this place sucks!

1
0
