G_iTtdxrspR_49eeaJ1Lmg
ntN85eu27C04nwyPa8IHtw
Always worth the wait. Their food is consistently delicious and the staff is fun and friendly.   I highly recommend ordering the bacon- it is the best bacon I've ever had- thick and crispy.   Love it!

5
0
niPFXq4r2mc0zFlOpWV3Eg
My friend and I were down in Phoenix for a poetry show that night which ended about 10pm.  We hadn't eaten anything since lunch and were on our way to the hotel we were staying at for the night just around the corner from this location.  We wanted to eat prior to checking in- so we stopped in about 10:30pm to grab dinner.   The restaurant was almost vacant, there were maybe 5 other people eating in the space and a rowdy group of about 10 people at the bar.  The guests- or so we thought- at the bar were quite a distraction- yelling screaming and carrying on.   We know the restaurant must be closing soon so we quickly put in our orders- Falafel pitas with Greek Fries- one of their specialties.    We quickly discovered that the rowdy bar crowd we were seated right in front of was not locals, or a big group of friends watching the game but were off-duty EMPLOYEES of the restaurant who were CLEARLY INTOXICATED.  This could be deduced from them knowing all the staff that was working and who kept going back to the bar to hang out.      Our food came out fairly quickly and looked and tasted alright.  Right after we started eating an older blonde woman in all black came up to our table and stuck her face less than 6 inches from our plates and began to examine our food.  She didn't touch it- just stared at it perplexed and then asked "WHAT did you order?!?!?"- we told her "Falafel pitas and greek fries". She scowled and exclaimed "That's a lot of cholesterol!" She then went to the table next to ours- who still had people eating at it- and asked if she could get them anything else- because she was a WAITRESS!   I might add that our waitress was fairly polite and generally just looked like she didn't really want to be there.    While waiting for our bill- because at this point we really just wanted to leave and go to our hotel- the phone rang- the hostess told one of the bar crowd members that she had a call.  She ran to the hostess station to take it- immediately started using loud profanities and talking about how she didn't want to go to her "babies daddy's house tonight".  This went on for several minutes.  At one point the manager came out and asked her to quiet down- she was nearly shouting- but didn't ask her to take the call elsewhere.    Needless to say we paid quickly and RAN out the door.   Later that night we were both up vomiting- more than likely from food poisoning. I will NEVER go back to this restaurant ever again. Terrible experience.

1
0
