GI0un3YLQUsku6GASWpWpw
vi3ybZj3wrq69PnYqrpexQ
I have to agree with the other negative reviews of this company.  Used Benson Systems only because I was in a rental home and the owner had been using Benson prior to my move in.       When I moved out of the house (after 3 years) I called Benson and informed them to please cancel my account.  They said I needed to send an email to a generic Benson Customer Service Email account to cancel.  The following day I did that.  The next day they charged me for another month's monitoring.  Nobody from customer service ever responded to my service cancellation request.       The following month they charged me for another month's monitoring.  I followed up with another email, and in return was told, in essence, that I could not cancel my account, only the homeowner could.  If I wanted to stop being charged for the monitoring (for a home I no longer occupied), I'd have to handle that with the homeowner, as he had instructed them to charge my card.  Basically, I could not instruct them to stop charging my card.       For clarity, they never even had a contract with me, they had a contract with the homeowner and were telling me that he authorized them to charge MY CREDIT CARD and he would need to call them in order to get them to stop charging MY CREDIT CARD!  I had no authority (according to them) to tell them to stop charging my credit card.     So, as of right now, my opinion is that their customer service is awful and they are fraudulently charging my credit card.

1
0
yk4blU7jH3SzqEXnPh1ovw
These guys definitely get a recommendation from me.  The nozzle under a bathroom sink broke and water was going everywhere.  I'm covering the leak with one hand and typing emergency plumber into yelp on my phone.  I clicked on these guys because they were the first one's I came across that said they were open (it was 8pm).  Aaron promptly answered the phone, got my address and said he'd be there shortly.  30 minutes later they were at the door.  Not only did they quickly replace the broken nozzle, but they also diagnosed and fixed a hot water problem I was having with a couple of showers not heating up.  In and out in about 30 minutes.  1 hour earlier I thought my night was ruined.  An hour later thanks to Paramount we're back on track.  Another thing I should mention.  In my haste to get the problem fixed I didn't bother to ask Aaron what their rates were.  He could have really taken it to me when I asked what I owed.  But his rates were VERY fair.  I appreciated that they didn't try to take advantage with some outrageous after hours charges.  If/when I have other plumbing problems I will surely be using Paramount.

5
0
