GJ81EquQfQKvS-eLRdr6aQ
J-Wet_eJxuL53NaWx7l1PQ
I've lived in the Biltmore/Camelback Corridor area for some time and had always driven by Rochelle's but never stopped in.  I finally got tired of my longtime hair dresser never listening to me and popped in one day.  My only request for my first appointment was that I work with someone who is good with long hair (I'm like a modern-day Rapunzel, or Dee Snider if you prefer).  I had my first appointment with Dania a couple of months ago, and I'm kicking myself for not visiting Rochelle's sooner!  Dania is extremely skilled at what she does, and she's really just a treat to be around.  I've been to see her three times now (once for a quick 'fix' because I'm picky, and she was all smiles to do so!) and I don't think I'll ever trust my hair to anyone else.  I've gotten SO MANY compliments on my cut and color, it makes me wonder why I stayed at my old salon for so long...  The salon itself is great, too.  Much more modern and spacious than my old salon, with better music and magazines to boot (the important stuff, right?).  I also love that they use Bumble & bumble products!  Dania and Rochelle's have a customer for life.

5
0
T_O-Nqgz2FVI6EEleA8kbw
I wish I could give zero stars! I should have known better to come back after I was misquoted the price for fluff and fold my first visit here, but I was in a pinch.  I dropped off a large amount of clothing, some wash and some dry cleaning.  I told them when I needed it by, and they said no problem.  They called me later to let me know a lot of the pieces were dry cleaning and they might need longer - I told them I left it with them because I needed it at a certain time and if they couldn't do the job by then I would come by and pick it up.  They said they would have it ready.  $317 later, I have my laundry.  85% of what I dropped off was laundry, but they were so lazy that they dry cleaned 85% of it instead.  I have about 20 cotton, machine wash tank tops that they dry cleaned to the tune of almost $6 a piece!  Are you kidding?  LAZY and UNPROFESSIONAL.  When I got home and realized what had happened, I called to inquire.  The guy on the phone was so rude and accused me of being 'nasty,' said he did me a favor (?) and then hung up on me.  I would absolutely never come back here.  I really can't believe the nerve they had to dry clean so many cotton, machine wash pieces, and then tell me they did me a favor while sticking their hand in my wallet.  LAZY LAZY LAZY.

1
0
