gR2ZyHkwUWLsCE_NXKEAkA
7XMbAOQ637yWuR_JXjBkKw
DISAPPOINTED--- We would never go back to this establishment. The ultrasound tech was great but the overall experience a sham. The receptionist was unwelcoming, impatient and uneasy to be around. We called to make the appointment for 5. We got there 20mins early and awaited our families arrival for viewing. We were asked numerous times to just go in and start without them. At 5 we went in altogether, we did not feel that being rushed in was appropriate or necessary. Our viewing went great but after when the files were sent to the receptionist our not so great experience with her proceeded. Our DVD's music skips and only turned out to be 20mins when we paid for the silver package which should have been 25mins. To top it off like the page or not but even after I mentioned it we never received any addition photos of which were all cut crookedly and stuffed in a crappy plastic photo book. Loved seeing our little man on the big projector though!

1
0
gXSGfv8IqqBR0_yCbXzrug
I have been part of the Power MMA family since the day they opened. Everyone at the gym; members, staff and fighters have always been very friendly and helpful to me and everyone that walks through the front doors. The gym is great for people of all ages!  My kids love being there, the kids classes are great and the coaching that the kids receive is outstanding. They offer classes for people of all skill levels and the members that are more advanced are always willing to help new members with technique and drills. The fact that you get to learn from the coaches that train the pro fighters and sometimes learn from the pros when they teach a class, tops it off. wether you want to attend classes to potentially compete or just to get into great shape, Power MMA is THE gym to join!  I don't use the weight area yet but I know what machines and free weights they have and they have everything you need to get your weight training done. In the first year of me training at Power MMA I lost a total of 62lbs with the help and support of everyone at the gym. Power MMA is not JUST a fight gym it's a great full workout facility for everyone.

5
0
