H2QHZI2n_Ts6qoigxfOJMg
pQ3kRVmttsV1bHxuTf7TAg
Something recently reminded me of the mentalness that is the Lost Leaf.  Last April, I found myself in the MIDDLE OF NOWHERE, USA. Okay, okay so Phoenix isn't that bad...but to be sure, there is kind of lack of, you know, all the usual "cool" urban shit a la NYC/LA around these parts. Luckily I ran into one of my friends from Hawaii very randomly in a Safeway (seriously now, how did the two AZNs in all of AZ find each other?) and he suggested we check out this little bar called the Lost Leaf.  First off, the Leaf is downright cute. Down a little street with a bunch of houses, it blends right into the quiet neighborhood. What sets it apart from the surrounding bath of domesticity is the soft thumping of great music coming from within.  And boy! Does the Lost Leaf play great music! I also got p-r-e-t-t-y hammered. (What else is there to do in Phoenix?) To the point where one of the bartenders handed me a cold glass to pour my bottled beer into and it literally SHATTERED IN MY HAND AS I PICKED IT UP. But did I care?  Bartender: OHMYGOD...ARE YOU OKAY? YOU'RE BLEEDING!  *hand is bleeding profusely*  Drunk Me: Oh no no, I'm totally fine! It doesn't even hurt!  *hand is dripping blood all over the fucking place*  Drunk Me: Hmm...maybe I kinda need a bandaid?  I think I bought something around 9 or 10 drinks and I recalled my bill being something RIDICULOUSLY LOW...like $25. And at the time, Drunk Me just thought, "Fuck my hand! Wow the Lost Leaf is awesome!" (And, yes, I did later figure out they comped me for fucking me up.)  I also kind of (stupidly) invited a bunch of random gutter kids back to the place we were staying at, which made my friends super sketched out (according to them, they looked "steal-y"). And totally said, "Hey if you guys wanna sleep over it's cool!" But then I barfed. Everywhere. (But hey! At least it was in the bathroom!) And apparently my newfound gutter buddies decided to leave promptly after that.  So hey! I had a great time! The Lost Leaf made me not care that my hand got shredded up AND helped me get rid of some undesirables! Hooray for alcohol and probably the worst resulting hangover of 2009! Here's to more debauchery in 2010!

4
0
xs1LHeJy78u-7taSEnQ2Yw
this place is a bummer.  poor, rude, slow service.  high prices for poor quality food.  it's almost an insult to serve such crap.  i tried to be helpful and make some suggestions for the restaurant since they're new and all, but they took none of it and instead dismissed me as if i was retarded and didn't read their menu!  obviously, the owners and chefs have no idea what REAL japanese food should taste or even look like.  the only redeeming part of the meal was the baked mussels appetizers, which wasn't even "japanese" to begin with.  you're better off going somewhere else.

2
0
