H9Pub64JNgIs7l2Iu_sGYg
qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w
I agree with Ian below as well. The Moonlight Masquerade event was the worst planned event I've ever attended. There was absolutely no theme concept, the music was atrociously paired (and half of the acts were unlistenable), they quickly ran out of food, drinks, and souvenirs within 45 minutes, and THE TICKETS WERE 60 FRIKKIN DOLLARS!!!  The Botanical Garden was quickly becoming a great cultural institution for it's well planned and designed events, its great variety of performers and entertainment, and its ties to the arts community in the valley. I have heard from ex-volunteers that all the talented people in the events department have quit or been fired in the last six months because the dimwit department heads don't want to lose their jobs. They are now breaking contracts with performers, treating guest artists and garden staff poorly, getting cheap and poor quality entertainment, and mis-planning their events. It's too bad. Looks like a bunch of fools are running the place now and I am disappointed because DBG has the potential to be a real cultural institution in Phoenix - a city that has far too few.

1
0
-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ
I discovered Gallo Blanco a couple of years ago when I was having a birthday party at the Clarendon Pool. I had been vegetarian at the time but decided to let loose and try their cheeseburger...needless to say, I am no longer vegetarian. The simple cheeseburger was the tastiest piece of groundbeef I had ever experienced. Regionally grown beef that is ground on the premises and cooked to perfection. That was just the cheeseburger! I returned many times over the past couple of years and have been richly satisfied every time.  The Clarendon is already one of the hippest spots in town and it provides a wonderful setting for the vividly colorful take on Mexican street fare. I come from Southern New Mexico and grew up on the finest mexican food in the world. I have been aghast by the lack of quality, authenticity and flavor in the variations of Mexican and wannabe New Mexican food around the valley (and don't even bring up that fake fancified version of the genre that Richardsons paraded out). I have also been on the search for a decent salsa. Finaly, with Gallo Blanco, my tastes have satisfied and tantalized! The freshness and care of the ingredients oozes out of every bite of every dish. The tortillas, salsas, and sauces are sublime. The modern, stylized versions of Mexican street fare Gallo presents retain the original essence of the dishes and are not overly "American cuisine" affected. Simplicty and transparency in every bite. I recommend a variety of tacos (pork adobado being my fave), the grilled chicken adobada, the chilaquiles, guacamole, and of course the burgers! Prices are reasonable but you may end up spending more than inteded when you delve in to the drink menu...that's a whole experience unto itself! Visit Gallo Blanco and plan on revisiting again and again. Also check it out on Wednesdays for an exquisite Flamenco performance!

5
0
