Hgpk0rjjuKGXEJ_39tndOA
SpYpa2oyH4XkXX1HEgZuoQ
I never write reviews but I couldn't let this go.  I use to see Dr. Jones at this office. He is amazing and unfortunately he is not here anymore. He is at San Tan Smiles in Gilbert. From now on I will be making the 1/2 hour drive to continue to see him for any of my dental needs.   When he left I stayed here because it is right around the corner from my house.   I went the last 3 times for check up and cleaning. The 1st time I went my dentist (Roy Shim) did not show up for my appt. They received a call from him while I had already been waiting 15 min past my appt time that he was sick and would not be coming in. They did my cleaning anyways and said that if anything seemed out if the ordinary then I'd have to come back in.  The hygienist seemed flustered. I did take into account that it was because he hadn't shown up.   When I came back to see him for my check up it was very quick and did not seem very thorough.   The next time it was the same, the hygienist seemed flustered and rushed and so did the Dr. I gave them the benefit of a doubt maybe an off day, I'll give them another chance.   Today when I went in, after having to call and book my appt over a month ago which was difficult to make in a shorter notice. (When Dr. Jones was there they always booked ahead while I was in the office for the following visit) they made me prepay which I thought was weird. Then same as the 2 times before,I felt rushed and unwanted. It gave me the feeling like I was an inconvenience. As if they had something better to be doing.  I got my cleaning and they took some ex rays. Then the Dr. came in and just kept getting up and leaving without saying anything. In the end he recommended I see a specialist and then just left, without even saying goodbye or have a nice day. I had some questions so when I asked the assistant to ask him he still didn't come back. I had to ask her to go get him. At this point he still seemed annoyed and could not even answer my questions.  Once again when I checked out the did not offer to prebook my next appt which again would have made it an inconvenience for booking in the future.   I hope that they take this feedback as constructive criticism to change and fix the problems.  However I will not be returning or will I see the specialist that he recommended because it came from him. I will be returning to Dr. Jones  it is worth the drive to have a dentist that actually cares about his patients.

1
0
Mk5Gg7CAMesj1Mh23M68FA
I've never had a trainer I workout better on my own. Kayce customized a program for me including diet and workouts. I never imagined I would compete in a fitness competition, and I never could have done it with out her. She has a wealth of knowledge and experience and get positive, and motivating attitude will inspire anyone to reach their goals.

5
0
