HHv8BedSb5d_a0wIuTvjoA
1PWBVeIGZSdLdabs_5HUCg
I KNOW EVERYONE ALREADY KNOWS COX SUCKS. I had a technician scheduled today to come to my house and he called me over and hour and a half early, and now I have to "reschedule." Rather than wait for another failed technician visit l, thought I could pop into the store and replace my box (it was their fault it's defective, not mine) and it is going to take over 30 mins to exchange a stupid cable box!?? ABSOLUTE WORST CABLE AND CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. If you have already signed your life over to them avoid and get DIRECT TV!! Paying over 100.00 a month to be treated like this!? RUN AWAY!

1
0
PmPOuRvuN3CoNOi1nBj_TQ
I am from phoenix, but moved to Orange County/Los Angeles area 6 years ago, but still visit AZ a lot. I remember coming here when i was little but don't remember much about the food. Passed this place on the way home from the airport on December 29th, and as a huge fan of Cajun food, I had to stop in. I had to give 5 stars because the food, the service, and the New Orleans ambiance were all to a tee. We got a couple fancy (expensive) cocktails while we waited at the bar for our table. Drinks weren't anything special, but the bartenders very friendly, and offered bread and butter while we waited. We didn't have to wait long before we sat, and if it were warmer out, I would not have minded having cocktail hour on their awesome patio before dinner. You would never know this place is right next to one of Phoenix's busiest freeways. We sat down and our waiter was Bo L(sorry if i didn't get his name right, my receipt rubbed his name off). Anyways we ordered some wine and tried their oyster and shrimp appetizer. Not impressive. But everything else was. Their Lobster Bisque was rich and tasty and I ordered the Seafood Gumbo that came with my Shrimp Po' Boy. My mom ordered her favorite, the Crawfish Etouffée which was superior. My Po' Boy was good, but it was the fried and seasoned shrimp that really made the sandwich. My seafood Gumbo was very authentic and delicious, but i am a sucker for Lobster Bisque which I thought was better. We also ordered a side of their Mushroom Risotto which was cheap and very flavorful. I cannot wait to come here again next weekend when I am visiting. I did some research for good cajun in LA, and cannot find any in, out of all places, Los Angeles. I will have to go to Phoenix for good cajun.

5
0
IUnRnZHmA56Tgr2acpHRow
I have been to the Four Peaks in Scottsdale and this is my first time at their Sky Harbor location. I have had their sandwhich before but I have to say nothing beats their southwestern rolls. yum!! chicken, pepperjack cheese and green chiles, yum! must try them. They were very busy and our server, George P, was fantastic. Attentive, turns tables over quickly, and boxed our food for us individually cause he knew we were getting on the plane, but didn't rush us out after we paid our bill, we felt comfortable wasting space while finishing our cocktails.

4
0
