HI7Wucblmg8w5Oj602IocA
7EFNxJUVQtF3jS1P6qsweg
Yo, ho, yo, ho a greasy life for me!  Pirate's Fish (ampersand) Chips was my first experience into the ever so popular UK "Fish (ampersand) Chips" lifestyle. As a matter of fact I don't really even enjoy seafood to begin with....that must be why I liked the food here the first time I visited it. I went with my totally cool Yelper buddy "Fatso" (http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=TQo2DFe6O6LWALv_awgcCQ) and have been back a few times since our initial visit. We actually have not visited the Chandler establishment, we go to the Gilbert one (Warner and Gilbert Rd area).  The Ambiance: OK well ambiance is a bit of an excessive word in this case, but it is a room with windows a place to sit. To me this is BY FAR the worst part about this place. I honestly feel like I'm sitting in an ER waiting room, wondering if I'm going to see a doctor in the next 4 hours. The tables are made of the same material my kids "little tykes" outdoor picnic table is made of and they feel very grimy and in need of a serious power wash. There is no pirate paraphernalia nor any background music reminiscent of the high seas. The closest they come is when the 42" Westinghouse LCD is set to ESPN and they have a special on either the Pittsburgh Pirates or the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.  The Staff/Service: I would probably say that the the Staff and Service are right around "par" but they are real close to dropping to a quick "bogey" (sorry, got stuck on the ESPN reference there). The wait time for your food once you order it is probably 4x longer than McDonald's however the food seems a lot less complicated to make. There isn't an item on the menu that's not dropped into a fryer basket then removed after the timer sounds. I'm sure it's just the amount of time that God requires a frozen hunk of sub zero seafood to thaw in boiling hot grease but I WANT IT FASTER! For the most part the 2 employees that I have ever seen there are amiable, however you don't want to ask too many questions or get into heavy conversation. That would most likely prove hazardous to your health as the wrong spoken word or impatient glance would most likely push them over the edge of  complacency, to postal. Just smile and nod, smile and nod. :)  The Food: Since I didn't know what I would like decided to go with the phrase "I'll take one of everything". Fortunately they had a combo meal that gave you a nice sample of all the different "fish type" products. Not being a fan of seafood turned out to be a GREAT thing at this restaurant because I was served a huge basket of sizzling hot french fries topped with pounds of batter dipped.......batter! I found out that somewhere in the middle of the batter dipped batter there was in fact a small portion of "fish type" product. It's kind of like eating a "tootsie pop"except the other way around.....the batter is the best part, as opposed to the crappy hard candy you have to get through to eat the tootsie roll.   The Price: The bright spot here is that the pricing is rather inexpensive however if you stop and think about what your eating it kind of makes sense. Most everything is frozen, processed and covered in batter. Everything on the menu can be ordered as a meal with fries and a drink for around $5 - $6. If you'd like to "super size" your meal you can actually throw in pieces of fish, shrimp, scallops or crab "A la Carte" to meet your stomachs needs.   All in All: All in all I CANNOT figure out why the hell I keep going back to Pirates Fish (ampersand) Chips!!!! I HATE the atmosphere, I don't care for the employees, the tables irritate the heck our of me and the food is unhealthy, deep fried and CHEAP! The food is unhealthy, deep fried and cheap. REDRUM REDRUM REDRUM The food is unhealthy, deep fried and cheap. The food is unhealthy, deep fried and cheap.    .......oh yea, thats why.....yum!

2
0
bSN-791HBz2JeFGOknAUUQ
I went to Pretty Pretty Please looking for a little TLC for my eyebrows and I left there with a sculpted masterpiece work of art! I've never looked this good, let me tell you what. The pretty lady that performed the miracle on me was so nice and informative, she even offered to give me a discount on a "back waxing" which I had to politely decline due to time constraints. I will certainly go back to the salon soon and take her up on that offer when I have time, everyone else should too. You won't be disappointed when you leave there looking and feeling like a million bucks! Thanks Pretty Pretty Please, you rock!

5
0
