Ho0gmR19LMXJQ3MnzD0qug
T4ox3wUzFjWvyrjaTRoBbA
I base this post on the past and present. I went here two days ago and I was slightly dissapointed only because they raised the price since the last time I've been here which was probably half a year ago. The combination ramen + an entree used to be 11.50 but is now 12.50. Yes its only a dollar but that wasnt all. The specialty rolls that they have for 5$ is the same price however the size of it was cut in half from what I remember. It still gets a 4 stars because although they did raise the price and cut some portions, they are still relatively cheaper than most sushi restaurants. There quality is good but not the best and they offer a variety with there combo plate which is a slamming deal still. When i go with my friends we each get a combo (tongetsu ramen with spicey tuna donburi is my favorite) and a few orders off their sushi rolls off their 5$ special to share which is super filling. Service is always great here also.

4
0
f8ro-50UiJ70rToRjkpD1Q
So first of all, let me start off by saying that I'm usually a super nice guy when it comes to food service and quality and I usually give them the benefit of the doubt.  But I did NOT enjoy my visit to this place at all. We came here in a large group for my friend's 16th birthday. We drove almost 50 minutes out here because we heard from another friend that it was pretty good (he is no longer our friend after this). As a group we have been always big on sushi and have tried most of the AYCE sushi joints in AZ so 50 minutes is worth the drive if we can discover a new go-to place. We were split into 3 ordering sheets because we were rather large which made sense. I was in the last of the 3 groups to turn in the ordering sheet. The first group received half their order in about 25 minutes which included a sashimi boat and some appetizers. The presentation was pretty nice I'm not going to lie, but as they all say.. looks can be deceiving. The first thing that I heard them saying as they took the first bites was that it tasted like it just came out of the freezer. Also, the way they cut the fish was not like other sushi restaurants. It seemed like they cut random different parts of the fish in every order of the same sashimi/nigiri.   We finally got 1/3 of our order after 40 minutes, another 1/3 of our order after another 20 minutes, and the last part of our order NEVER came. They gave us the the sheet back and we can see that they would cross out our orders of 6, after giving us only 3. The other groups had missing items from their sheet as well. I mean I can see why they took awhile to get our orders to us because 1) we were a large party and 2) it got quite busy after we came. But that's no excuse to not complete our order.   To be honest, I am easily pleased with the quality of food compared to most of my friends, but I couldn't stand to eat much here even though I blew off (31$ including tip and tax) on the bill. The eel nigiri consisted of pieces with lots of chewy fat and some orders of eel nigiri had seaweed while other orders did not. I mean it's like their chefs weren't all trained the same way and had their own styles of making cutting/preparing the nigiri. Also, the raw salmon was really mushy which was disappointing because it's one of the things I look forward to most.  It's safe to say that we won't be returning to this place... EVER... Our top choice is still Akita Sushi in Scottsdale. Their prices are so much more reasonable, and their quality is a lot better.  *If you do decide to go here for some odd reason, try the Gyoza, it was actually decent.

1
0
Vm256P3nWpc8lHF32wjTtQ
Fantastico! I've been to many Sushi AYCEs around town and I would have to say this one takes the cake. The price of 20$ for dinner time is unbeatable! Unlike most other AYCE Sushi restaurants, Akita allows unlimited Sashimi! I would have to say I've tasted slightly better quality sushi but with the great variety that Akita offers, I would still choose this place. The service was decent - good, sometimes we would have to wave a waitress over to take our next order, but everything came out relatively quickly. They were all friendly and overall I had a good time eating here. Will DEFINITELY be back!

5
0
