hOfRdhocKD1lwdAT-M6sng
AMLLUX1_A4rsH7wxnlSLBQ
Stumbled upon White Lotus, in dire need if a haircut. The stylist there, Karessa, was absolutely marvelous. She did things with my hair that nobody else has done before. She did a thorough job and wasn't finished until everything looked just right. I found my hairdresser.

5
0
6tq-oJui3bsePoAFn6x-sQ
I was headed to work one day and decided to stop at the usual plaza for lunch. I was a little tired of Port of Subs, so I decided to give Sami's a try. About seven bucks for a gyro sandwich, fries and a drink? Sign me up.  There was a lunch rush, predictably, so they were really busy. The girl at the register had the time of her life joking and laughing with the guy in front of me. When he finally stopped schmoozing and it was my turn to order, the smiling and laughing stopped. I received a very cold disposition, like I was just one more thing between her and the end of the day. Oh well, no big deal.  I ordered, and waited. And waited. Two or three orders after mine came up first, and as the time threatened to bite into my commute, I felt antsy. Maybe the people after me all ordered salads? Still, I ordered their main, advertised special, how much longer should that take?  I'm here to say, the wait was worth it. The gyro sandwich was huge and tender, and the tzatziki was incredible. Even the fries were delicious (and fresh out of the fryer! Again, the wait was worth it.) This was one of the best gyro sandwiches I've ever had.  I will definitely come back here again, just maybe not when I have to go to work amidst lunch hour.  I made it to work on time, by the way.

4
0
4bPaSey2DfWbRG2My--lpw
I went here for lunch with a friend once, she claimed it was "better than Famous Dave's." I was pretty excited by that.   I order a pulled pork sandwich, macaroni and cheese, and a beverage. The meal comes out to be $15 and change. A little steep for what I was ordering, but maybe it was really good barbecue.   It wasn't.   First things first, I pulled a sizable chunk of plastic wrap out of my sandwich, first bite. I informed the waitress, she apologizes and says she'll let them know in the kitchen. She then promptly leaves, no offer to replace it. So I reserved myself to my hopefully plastic free sandwich.    The rest of the sandwich wasn't much better. There was a bunch of fat and skin(?) marbled in with the pulled pork to the point where one bite consisted of the rest of the meat coming out in almost one piece. The macaroni and cheese tastes bland and watery. But hey, the Mountain Dew tasted like Mountain Dew.   Long story short: it's not better than Famous Dave's

1
0
