HQvhrBhre_91Oc8YI-f94w
BLgkoO4MKq00V2o9jOf5zw
GREAT coffee spot.  Unpretentious, friendly atmosphere (the owner is awesome and unobtrusively friendly and extroverted).  The coffee is WONDERFUL and the pastries.......oh man.  My favorite is the browned butter scone.  Remember those blue tins of Danish cookies popular around Christmas?  That has been captured in this decadent and perfectly crunchy-on-the-outside, oh-so-soft on the inside work of baked art.  I will be a regular ; )

5
0
jSt-jWup6iyCnQK0fOw1kQ
Terrible, non-existent service. I had a similar experience to a couple of the other reviewers, but the blatant ignoring was even worse. It was about 1pm and I had intended to try lunch here. I walked into the place (which was very darkly lit) and sat myself at a high top table out in the middle of the floor by one of the large flat screen TV's. I noticed about 7 or 8 patrons at the bar. A young man and the female server/bartender (shorter brunette) were gabbing in the back and she saw that I was there, but didn't seem to have any urgency in acknowledging my presence. After about 5 minutes, she finally came over and asked what I'd like to drink. "Ahhh, finally" I thought to myself. I ordered a beer from the tap and she said she'd be right back. Well, I checked my watch and I'm not kidding, 5, 6, 7 minutes go by. Nothing. I was sure to lean my body out from my chair and stare up at the bar, where she was laughing it up with the locals. She looked my way a time or two, but other than that, didn't give a rat's behind that I was there. A couple of the patrons (local barflies I'm guessing) even looked over my way and seemed annoyed that I was there, taking away from their precious little social time. Honestly, I've never felt so ostracized or shunned in an establishment before. I finally got fed up and walked out (I have only done this once before in my life!)--let's just say there was no effort to stop me. I work over in the Scottsdale Commerce center and had intended to maybe make this place one of my local haunts/lunch spots, but I'll be sure to go out of my way to steer everyone I know away from this crap-hole.

1
0
