HXRwTpYMX12QEm1JexDwNw
O-Xa9GCFWI65YiBD5Jw_hA
I wish I could give them 6 stars. Absolutely amazing experience. Exceptional service, drinks. Best steak I've ever had (bone-in filet). The only thing that compares is when I had a steak from Mastros several years ago!

5
0
DGtOkc0KNTyK8rDkmsPNYw
We read all of the Yelp reviews, and also received good recommendations from friends for The Keg. The week before we  had dinner at Mastros and Modern Steak, both of which were amazing. The Keg...terrible. I had the BBQ chicken & ribs. They were very very dry and when they came out it looked like they had been sitting under a heat lamp for 20 minutes. The ribs were super tough and hard to get off the bone. Taste was awful. My girlfriend had their filet on the special menu. She managed a steak restaurant so she definitely knows how to order...so she requested medium rare "plus" (between medium rare & medium). The waiter said they had an "alarming" amount of people send their steak back when ordering something special like a plus, so he encouraged her to go with medium rare. The only thing alarming was how undercooked the steak was. Beyond rare. Cold in the center, not even a little bit close to medium rare. The steak didn't have very good taste at all. The best thing we had was the twice baked potato. Also, it's funny that they call this restaurant The Keg and they only have like 6 beers on tap, no microbrews or interesting beers. In summary, if you are looking to have a really nice dinner and spend $20-35 per plate, I think there are MUCH better restaurants (Modern Steak was great...and can't compare it to Mastros since that's in a league of their own). Hope this is helpful...

1
0
YCCDMLcb7UW8G-o_HsWiiA
Had valentines dinner at Modern Steak with my girlfriend. We had a blast, and loved the "modern" decor. Drinks were interesting and very good. Steak was great and cooked exactly how we ordered them (special order). Service was very good. If you are looking for a fun/unique steakhouse in Scottsdale, without being overly expensive, I'd highly recommend this place. 4.5 stars. Only reason that I didn't give em 5 stars is because I went to Mastros a few days later and that's truly an exceptional 5 star experience.

4
0
