i-u702DIIM60zqB4cZQYuQ
FS7aGG1AOLbrVIGXTuA5EA
Came here because they were on the list of Phoenix Restaurant Week, and chosen the entries of Seafood Chowder, Lobster, and Creme Brulee. The environment is stunning, we were right on the moment when the sun was down to the horizon, left a golden brush touch on the sky with the golf course, the view just beautiful. The entries were pretty good, I still feel like the lobster is a bit over cooked, but it still good. Service is great, definitely will go back again

4
0
Ncb_n30Bn-gfl7WeYPXq2w
Ok, if you want real Chinese food, this is the best one in town.  As real as it can be--please don't order orange chicken, lemon chicken, or hot and sour soup...ect here, not saying they are not good in Jade house, these are American food, get them somewhere else.  So talking about real Chinese food, you don't even need a Chinese menu to order, try anything that shown in the pictures along the wall, they are all good!!  I live in north Phoenix cave creek area, I drive to there for dinner twice a week. Yes, more than 60 miles every time, totally worth it.

5
0
3OauvrqUU8nDLWcW6q9hGQ
DON'T EVER ORDER HOT POT HERE!!!!! If you do, welcome to join the huge rip off!!!  Well, as a customer for years (seriously! years!! because we live so close to it and this is the only asian restaurant nearby!), tonight we surprisingly  found out they have hot pot on their menu, so we decided to give it a try. However, we've never experienced vietnamese hot pot before, we did expected something different from Chinese hot pot or Japanese hot pot, but we didn't expect this is such a rip off!!!  1. Refer to the image I'm attaching: customers need to place two orders to be able to get the hot pot thing, so we ordered "Beef & Shrimp" and "Seafood," when the raw food arrive, I was like WTF, that's it? You might think this amount of shrimp and beef is quite a bit, but let me tell you this thing cost $15.99. In this restaurant, a big bowl of house noodle (which includes everything) is about $8-ish, and the seafood which costs us $16.99 with 2 SHRIMPS, 5 PIECES OF SQUID, several BEAN SIZE SCALLOPS, and some beef. Well they did serve some veggies and noodle (all raw) on the side, but seriously????? $16.99 is an all-you-can-eat price in other same level Asian restaurants!! And look at the so-call HOT POT! It's the same size as my dad's hand!!  2. Poor communication. We asked for hot pot, the waitress acts like we are retarded or something. We saw the other table ordered hot pot, so we said to her we want THAT, and of course we asked if this is similar to the Chinese hot pot. She didn't explain at all, at the end she asked which one we like, butter or vinegar. Well we didn't know what those are for so we picked butter. I swear, she didn't say anything at that time, then when our food finally arrived, they gave us a FU*KING PAN! WE ORDERED HOT POT NOT HOT PAN! HELLO?? Then she explain because we asked for butter, and butter is for the hot pan and vinegar is for hot pot, WTF??? That is how you treat your customer without any explanation before place the order in the kitchen???  3. THE ENTIRE NIGHT THE WAITRESS WERE GIVING US AN ATTITUDE BECAUSE WE ASKED TO SWITCH TO WHAT WE WANTED TO ORDER.   4. CONCLUSION: THE HOT POT SUCKS! THE FOOD WAS SO LITTLE EVEN MY 4 FOOT MOM COULDN'T GET FILL UP! Service was horrible, we waited for so long because of they messed up the order and they didn't even say sorry, but keep giving us attitude and rude!   F this place, never come back again!

1
0
