I281QdkUmUHRgkli7p4TeA
mMpjU600FhokNR_QmFZhEQ
If I could give this place zero stars, I would. We called at around noon and asked about specials....we called back at 6:30 to reserve a lane and we were told something totally different for specials. We were then told (by someone else) that the original price would be honored and that our name was in the book for a reservation at 8. We arrived at 8:05 (the neighborhood is scary...just an FYI) and the assistant manager was not helpful and rather rude. When we said that we had a reservation for 8, he "checked his book" and said that there was no reservation. We explained the situation and showed him when we had called (on our phone). He said that there were only 2 people on the floor at the time that we called but none of them talked to us (how is that possible...your business number...hmmmm) and that since we didn't remember who we talked to, he would not honor the deal. Awesome...we had three kids who were looking forward to bowling. Ok, fine...we were irritated and it was obvious that this guy was not going to be helpful....so, we asked about the best deal that he could give us. $2/per person/per game (7 people) +$3.50 /person for shoes...ouch! That was WAY more than the deal that we had originally been told ($45/party of 6--including shoes---2 hours of bowling). However, he continued to have an attitude with us and he had NO customer service. We decided to leave (the place was pretty dead on a Friday night at 8pm)...and we headed to AMF. We spent more to bowl there, but it was clean, great service and it was busy (FUN!!!). The kids had a great time and we were SOOOOOOO glad that we walked out of GlenFair Lanes. I recommend that you walk away too.

1
0
CZzLkszd4kAIQzyTxpbnUg
We have been having issues with our fridge (that is less then 3 years old) for the past few months (well, really since we bought it). We finally decided to find a repairman to come out and look at it. Upon a recommendation from a friend, we called Appliance Works. The receptionist was able to get us a same-day appointment with Sam between 3 and 5. Sam called around 3:30 and said that he was going to be on his way. Sam was very professional when he got to the house and he listened as we filled him in on the issue. He got to work right away and as soon as he found out what he perceived to be the issue, he let us know. He was upfront and said that he was focusing on 3 possible issues (one of them was not good). He did say that they are focused on getting the best information to the customer and they didn't want to nickel and dime us. It was all about the facts and what was best for us, the customer. He realized that the issue was worst case scenario and we needed one of the boards replaced. He was also concerned that the compressor would need to be replaced as well. He said that this would be a very expensive fix and once these serious issues occur, then other things begin to happen. He continued to work on determining the other issues. Upon further inspection, there were 2 boards that need to be replaced. He was very honest about his hesitation in moving forward with fixing it and he said that he would not recommend doing that. He talked to us for a while about other options (in fridges) and what he recommends and what he doesn't recommend. He answered our questions and didn't seem rushed at all (even though it was now about 5:30). He apologized several times that the news wasn't better and that he wishes that it had been a better situation. We were very appreciative of his helpful attitude and we would definitely recommend this company to anyone. Thank you Sam for being honest and thorough. Although our situation did not have a good outcome, I would have felt comfortable having him fix the fridge if it had been an easier fix.

5
0
