iCEJky4Mz8I-dhFn98wf9A
E_wJCQ9L_0w5tJyrvr0lJQ
Fantastic! Fresh, organic food served QUICK! Good choices and easy alterations to cater to my food allergies, and the staff is really friendly. My new breakfast go-to.

5
0
pgC_9840noB2wLbZzPksKQ
They lie, and do who knows what other questionable practices. I wish that I had checked out the reviews here before going in to Jiffy Lube for an oil change.   A week ago my car battery died, so after having a new one put in, I decided that I would also go get an oil change since I now had the day off from work. Knowing that I couldn't get a same day appointment at a shop that I like, I decided to stop by the local Jiffy Lube.  When I pulled up, they told me that the oil changes start at $41.99, which is a lot more than I am used to paying for an oil change. Luckily I had a $10 off coupon which helped.   So after they tried to upsell me on everything, and they finished up, I was brought out for the summary and to pay. This is where the lies started.   They told me that they filled up my battery fluid. I know they didn't because it was a brand new battery that had literally just been installed about 2 hours ago. I was there for the install and know it was done well.   They said that they had checked my lights, and that they were all good. Actually, one of my break lights has been out for a while. Do they not want me to ask for a replacement?  When they lie about stupid stuff like that, I lose trust in all of their work. But here's the part that really bothers me:  They told me that my brake fluid was really low, and that I need to get my brakes looked at and worked on. I thought that it was possible that I could use some brake fluid, but I had my everything in the brake system replaced less than a year ago, so I know that is working fine. And I hadn't been having any problems with my brakes. I got in my car and left.   After leaving, the brake light on my dashboard constantly lit up, and I could feel a difference in how my car was braking. Funny how that didn't happen even once before they touched my car. Because of that and because I know they lied about other things, I now suspect that they messed with my brake fluid.   Never going back to this shady place.

1
0
