iDcjErKmXtkjKA-omzTm3Q
jEWfxxA_kjeJE_Z_ku3zLA
This place is....well...ummm. My friends and I had reservations here for a bday dinner. EVERYONE else got seated before us. The girls at the front desk were rude and had no idea what they were doing. When we walked in gave the name... they just told us to wait one minute, so we did. 10 minutes pass by... so we go up and check on our reservation... we see at least 2 big tables empty while they're still taking their time...when I walked in (now probably 20 minutes) one of the girls said "let me check on that for you," came back and told us to wait a few more minutes...while 'mind you' she seats other folks. Serious bullshit.   Anyway, after 40 minutes, they finally gave us our table...I did voice my opinion to the Manager, he was a nice guy so no disrespect sir, but train your staff!!! Maybe some customer service perhaps? Also, tell them to take their personal issues elsewhere and not to talk about their ex boyfriends or one night stands in front of their guests...that would be much appreciated!

2
0
3f0jwMOsWg_PHKVLKP2mTA
When I first needed a Banker or any financial assistance, this was my first bank to go to since I lived right down the street. After an issue with my account I walked in to talk to a banker, everyone was super friendly at this branch, but the Banker James was always going the extra mile...which, of course makes your experience there so much better.   James reassures me that everything will be taken care of and every time he reassures me that "everything will be taken care of" I know I am in good hands and I can go about my day not worrying about a thing.   I moved to Boston a few Months ago from Scottsdale. There is no WF in Boston...but I have been working with James who always makes me feel like I'm a priority and when I call him and leave him a message...my phone call is returned in a very timely fashion. I'd just say he's probably one of the reasons I have not switched banks all together and decided to stay with Wells.  I love working with him, it's great to know that customer service still exists. Thanks James!!  If anyone needs a bank/banker/ financial assistance, check this particular location and ask for James. He's awesome!!

5
0
