IeNnnlqPhuEeG0HNs6ou8Q
yb17xHvhDJthJGS10uhFeQ
Cool Place.  Have lived nearby for almost a year and assumed it was out of business because you cannot see it from Thomas road where the plaza sign for the bar is seen.  Just recently noticed the ice arena next to the walmart and while checking that out saw the sign reading "Bar".  We went in a few nights later and were pleasantly surprised to find such a unique neighborhood bar so close to home.  Friendly staff and friendly crowd led us to have quite a nice time.  You have to go check it out!!

5
0
wNsmt1hF1uv3YvbwXZMAoQ
One star for atmosphere and one star for beer selection.  Although they only had one beer brewed on site.  I have been there twice and decided not to return.  The first time was on a Sunday and I was excited to find another late night food option in my neighborhood.  The website had kitchen hours posted til 12am on Sunday nights.  We arrived at 11pm and were told kitchen was closed for "deep cleaning".  We returned a week or two later on a Saturday night for drinks and food.  We sat at the bar and were ignored by three bartenders standing directly in front of us.  Not even so much as eye contact for almost 3 minutes.  The bar was not busy.  I am in the industry and have no patience for lack of acknowledgement.  Step your game up!!

2
0
4ReiAxg5PEwVHUEsrXD55g
When I had to start looking for an interlock company to complete my court ordered 12 months with an interlock device in my vehicle I found Driver Advisors.  The reason that I chose this company is that the website claimed that their devices did not need a "warm-up" time like other devices offered by other companies.  This was simply not true.  I had my interlock installed in January and if I needed to start my car in the morning when  the weather was cold I would sit in my car for 3-5 minutes waiting for the device to warm up.  It may not seem like a long time but deal with it every morning and you will be frustrated.  Besides that issue I was treated well by the staff who is very friendly and professional.  That is why they receive one star, simply for the staff.  My main gripe happened just recently.  It was a Saturday afternoon and I was leaving my morning job to go home and get ready for my evening job.  I entered my vehicle just after 1pm and was not happy to find that my interlock device was not working.  I called Driver Advisors who then transferred me to the service department.  I was told they would replace my handset if I could make it to the office.  When I informed them that I could not make it because I did not have the time or means of transportation they told me that I would be contacted "shortly" by a roadside technician.  Nearly an hour passed without receiving a phone call.  I called the office again and was given the same information.  After waiting another half hour or so I called again to listen to an answering machine telling me I was calling during non business hours.  I paid for cab fare to my apartment and then again to my evening job.  I was at work already when the roadside technician called me over 3 hours later.  They claim to offer a 24/7 emergency hotline but when I called that number I received an answering machine repeatedly.  Oh, by the way I did not receive a new handset until after 5pm Monday evening. I am writing this now waiting for a call back from the general manager of Driver Advisors.  I have been waiting almost exactly one hour for that phone call.  I would not recommend this company.

1
0
