IF5b2rrMxLk2CUKxA_7ntw
78IaYCf9ktUep4UhhjXbTg
The food is really good, and the menu offers a lot of variety to choose from. The decor and lighting give the restaurant a great ambiance, making it an excellent place to take a date. I always seem to get great service when I visit, but they do tend to be a bit pricey. The only big drawback to going here is that they don't take reservations, so if you plan on dining on a Friday or Saturday night, be prepared to wait for an hour or more.

4
0
LamH2m61JzHAiribqie3Fw
I went to Kathy at the last minute to have my wedding dress altered for my November 1st wedding. I had dropped four dress sizes since buying my wedding gown, so it needed to be significantly altered. I was very nervous because there was no time left to buy a new gown if there were any problems with the alteration, and the dress was very expensive with a lot of delicate bead work and tulle in it. Not only did Kathy re-size the dress to fit perfectly, but the bustle that she added was very easy to use (it was color coded!) and it didn't fall down once the entire night! This review is way overdue and I can't thank Kathy enough for what a wonderful job she did. She was super friendly and easy to work with, and she was kind enough to squeeze me in when most alterations places would have turned me away. This lady knows what she's doing, and I can't give her a big enough recommendation!

5
0
lmmEfH28MKabNK98BltUDQ
I went here with a group of friends thinking it would be a fun night out. We mostly went for bowling, so we got Winter Fun Passes since it included "unlimited" bowling, plus billiards, gravity ropes etc. To get a bowling lane, we had to wait an hour, and to use the gravity ropes we had to wait a half hour. No big deal. We reserved one lane since there were 6 of us bowling (in a group of 8). They neglected to tell us that there was a one-hour time limit on the lanes. When we realized this about a half hour into our game and went to reserve another lane, the lady laughed at me and said that there were 30 groups ahead of us. I asked if she could give me an estimate of how long the wait would be, and her reply was "A long time." When I stood there staring at her, she finally said, "It'll be at least a two-hour wait". We tried checking out the billiards while we waited again, but the 6-8 pool tables they had were full, and every employee had a different answer about how to reserve one. One of them asked to hold one of our credit cards. I don't think so. So, for the over $100 spent between the 6 of us (not including what we spent on arcade games while we waited), we got one round of bowling and one round of gravity ropes before we got tired of waiting and left. That would have bought about 3 games for our entire group at AMF. Very disappointing. This was SO not worth it, and none of us plan on coming back.

1
0
