Ig3jjxFWCYy_gVv8gKwqOw
bc-lE-wGVAsUrX-kJhtY-Q
First time to Don and Charlie's was great! The wait was not what I was expecting from the reviews here. We were seated within 5 mins of arriving for our reservation. Our server was great. He did not come by to much but enough that we always knew if we needed anything we would not have to wait.  I had the prime rib medium rare and my wife had the filet medium. Both cuts were cooked perfectly. I am a bit of a snob when it comes to prime rib but this was really one of the better cuts I have had.   After we were finished Don came over and introduced himself. Very nice guy and seemed genuinely interested in how our experience was. We will be back soon !!

5
0
O-ylVyHn6e6kaoJO-jHj-w
Went to eat there after hearing about how good their strip steak was. We were staying at the pointe and had our two kids and two of their friends with us . After being seated by a nice host we were greeted by our server. She seemed some what rushed although there was no wait tonight. After letting the kids and my wife order I requested the strip steak. I was informed there was none left . I was given no alternative or substitute which left me with a choice of doubling my meal price to a 24oz rib steak or something else. Well the only reason I chose this place was because of the steak. So after I gave the server some time to offer an alternative she just left with everyones order but mine.    After no service for around 10 min I finally asked for the manager. He was nice but offered no solution other than I order the $46-$48 steak or I could wait while he gets a steak from another restaurant . Which was nice but meant I eat after my family was already done eating. I suggested giving my the rib steak as a half portion and he answered me with "then what do I do with the other half of the steak"!!!!! I could not believe he actually said that. So with my wife and  4 kids finished eating I was just getting my meal.   When the bill came is expected some sort of courtesy (maybe comp. some of the beverages) , nope. In fact we were charged full price for everything and had a 18% gratuity added to the bill already. I was hoping maybe it was just a server having an off day, but when the manager see's fit to make a comment like "what do you expect me to do with the other half of the steak?" I am convinced it is more about poor leadership.Overall the experience was very bad the service was poor and we will never again eat there. In fact I will be telling everyone that I know not to eat there. We will eat off property during our next stay at the pointe squaw peak.

1
0
SGGZ6l345YTww09IHxtoew
Love the chicken and the baked Mac is the best I have ever had. The owner is a great guy who truly makes you feel like he has welcomed you right into his home. This place has become a regular spot for my family. A hidden gem !

4
0
