IlGVLHZads-Pp9PI1LK1kA
4AKcmN--0hbF0kX9pg8scg
This place was so good! I got the bacon cheeseburger with mayo and with American cheese w/ fries. They cook your food right in front of you over a charcoal grill so it's fresh and hot when you get it. Their root beer off the tap is awesome and served in a cold chilled glass mug.   Kinda sucks that they only take cash for payment but they do have an ATM inside for you to use. I think it's a $2 fee to use it though.  If you're in the area, check this place out. If I ever come back, you better believe I'm stopping by this place. 4 stars because they don't accept CC.

4
0
ycYrsFV0wxeh0vkaKxe9gA
Okay so here's my story... My husband and I were visiting in Tempe and was hungry AF (excuse the abbreviated language)... So we decided to order Domino's since the Domino's here in Texas never seemed to disappoint, we decided what could go wrong... First choice was Spinelli's but they said delivery time was 2 hours so that's when we decided to go with Domino's.   We placed the order, and the pizza tracker on their website pulled up stating they were making it or whatever. Well, we waited and waited, and all of a sudden, the tracker quit working. So we waited, and we waited some more. Then we fell asleep... It was late, around 1 or 2 in the morning. The pizza never came. Thank God, I told my husband to choose the option to pay with cash rather than card on file because for some reason, I had this feeling something bad was gonna happen.  I'm going to give them at least 1 star because from our caller ID on our home phone here in Texas, it looks like they tried to call but of course we weren't home. They had our hotel info on file when we placed the order so I'm not sure why they didn't try to contact us there.

1
0
qfzvuIfILm-ptvncv8wNnQ
My husband and I were in town for the Monster Mash at Tempe Beach Park and Had met up with some friends for drinks here. I ordered Red Bull and Vodka and would say the drinks were ok. Didn't really seem like they put much vodka in with the Red Bull. I should've just stuck with beer.   Also, the security guy was a major douche and had superiority complex. Ugh. Our server was nice but also slow.   Based on the reviews and photos of the food, I would've never came anyway, but like I said, we were meeting some friends who were already here. I wouldn't come back if I was ever in the area again.

2
0
