IpUtVBFNZR0cs7biueT80w
4zfrcEmGvZ4oYKx_revTxA
I've had a Yelp account for a few years, and have primarily used it for the search aspect and obviously the opportunity to read through the reviews on any given business.   Tonight however I've decided that a business has shown throughout multiple visits to never disappoint, and warrant being my first review.   Pho Chandler is hands down my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the valley, and I've had some great food at Vietnamese places. This place has them beat on consistency and flavor of the food.   The prices are awesomely cheap. It is CLEAN!! The staff is always extremely friendly. It's a smaller restaurant though , so the waits can get a little long.In a tiny restaurant on a Saturday night 20 minutes wait isn't the end of the world though.   My fiance decided to get the Seafood Pho ,and I went for the meatball and eye of round Pho. We split an order of egg rolls with lettuce ,mint ,and cilantro as an appetizer. (Real romaine lettuce not iceberg)  Both of our entrees arrived at the same time. My fiance loved the fact that his had recognizable seafood. No Krab just real crab in the shell.   As for mine. Meatball and Eye of round Pho is my go to when I get Vietnamese. This is the best one I've ever had. Vietnamese meatballs have a tendency to be tough and rubbery. Not here. They had real flavor ,and there was a good amount of both types of meat. The broth was what originally won me over during my first visit here, and it has consistently been just as good each time. You can taste the subtle star anise flavor that Pho is know for, along with the deep beef flavor that a lot of places I've been to fell short on.   We have decided to make it a point to come here at least once a month because we both enjoy it so much.

5
0
Ps2-bYYUFU-DT2KWWKiwNg
Totally should have looked at the reviews before coming here. We decided to stop in and give this place a try. It was super exciting to see a new Asian-ish place close by. Big mistake.    Got the spring rolls with shrimp and cold soba noodle salad. The spring rolls were falling apart and looked really messy. They tasted ok I guess. Way too many carrots though. Soba noodle salad was complete mush. The only plus side was after speaking with management we were offered a full refund. Other than that I would definitely not recommended anyone else take the risk.

2
0
