ItugjeQplB0P_uB5EBSR2w
vWnlScr9y2F6_ctDJZ6XLg
Between 2005 and 2010 I've been in C4 several times....for breakfast, coffee, happy hours and dinner parties!  But I moved to CA in 2010 and when I decided to take a large party of friends there for a dinner last week I was completely shocked to find that the servers were so young and inexperienced that they had no idea about the wine list, their attention to our party was sub-par and as I looked around at other tables, they were experiencing the same thing.  I would have moved my entire party to another location but it would have been too much work at that point and time of the night.  Finally I had to go to the bar and beg our server to give us better service.  I had people in from out of town and they were starting to ask why I had selected this venue, as it was anything but "high-end" and fabulous!  Just a couple hot tips.....put a bartendar in place so that the servers don't have to make their own drinks.  Train the staff on the wine list and about wine in gerenal.  If there are two people out for the night and the staff is not sufficient, owners/management must step up.....a weekend night is not the time to let service go.  I hate to say this, but C4 won't be on my list for dinner again.  I may grab a coffee there if I'm in the area because that can't be screwed up and the folks behind the coffee bar know what they are doing.  C'mon guys.....you used to be soooo great!!!

1
0
c--WJaRtjrBqzOaMDYMMWQ
I have the pleasure of working with several of the top Realtors at Green Street Real Estate and love how they all share the same positive culture of helping buyers find not just any house, but a HOME!  The Angelo Group in particular does a fantastic job of building life-long relationships with their clients and as a result I'm blessed to not only work with the clients they have me assist, but their friends, families and colleagues.  As a buyer, it's imperative to have a strong Realtor-Mortgage Banker team on your side and you certainly get that experience when you work with this firm!    If you are a buyer who is in needs to get pre-approved so you can go home shopping, I'm here to help!  You can start the process by filling out a quick, secure, online application at www.GenaSchaublin.com and I can get you out shopping with a Realtor immediately!

5
0
