j5KSsUv8okxyCAq3GXDWpg
19AvhiH3-Lu-SMzG0skXMg
I've been a loyal Jeep driver for about 15 years.  I love Jeeps, but my Grand Cherokee (while still in great shape) had just turned 8 years old and I was in the market for a new Wrangler.  My first stop was Airpark Chrysler, Jeep, Fiat and, although they had the exact model I was looking for in stock, the experience was everything you hope car shopping WON'T be.  High pressure, dishonest and deceptive terms, and a crappy offer on my trade.    Afterward, I relayed my experience to a colleague at work who had just bought a Jeep from RC Auto and he pointed me in the right direction.  I called RC and set up an appointment with Roger.  A few days later we met in his office and, after I told him about my experience at the dealership, he took the time to tell me about his business philosophy, and he then walked me through all of the financing and purchase options.  After asking the right qualifying questions, we arrived at the right structure for the car I wanted.  The interest rate, structure, and his fees were clearly explained and extremely fair.  We then set about building the car with the exact options I wanted.  Unfortunately, a Jeep with that trim package and options would need to be ordered and would take 6 weeks to arrive.  However, I wasn't in a hurry so I decided it was more important to get the exact car I wanted vs. having it now.  That said less than a week after I placed the order, Roger contacted me and said that a luck would have it the exact car I ordered would be arriving in a few days, so if I wanted I could take delivery sooner.  Sounded great to me, so I said lets do it.  However, I had expected to have 6 weeks to decide what to do with my current car, so I asked Roger about trading it in.  He said, he'd be happy to help and we set an appointment for him to appraise it.  I brought it in and they inspected it and took pictures and then contacted 3 different dealerships to get bids.  In the end the highest bid (which I accepted) was $1,500 more than what Airpark Jeep had offered.    At the end of the day I got the EXACT car I wanted in about two weeks and I saved literally thousands of dollars vs. the screw job Airpark Chrysler Jeep tried to stick me with.  I'd also note that everyone I interacted with at RC Auto; Bethany, Roger, Bob, John and Melissa were professional, courteous, and honest.  If you're looking for a stress free, no hassle car buying experience, there is no other choice.

5
0
3Ae_NPOA7bmr-HmbXDUR_Q
My experience with Airpark Dodge Chrysler Jeep was pretty much the worst shopping experience of my life.  The funny thing is that I'm an extremely loyal Jeep owner.  I've driven a Jeep for the past 15 years and I knew exactly what I wanted.  They didn't need to sell me on the car, they only needed to offer me a fair deal.  Unfortunately they couldn't do that.   My salesman was nice enough, but when it came time to put numbers in front of me everything went downhill.  First, they took my keys (to appraise my current Jeep) and then left me waiting alone for about 45 minutes despite the fact that I repeatedly told him that I was on my lunch break and needed to get back to the office.  When he finally came back he put a summarized quote in front of me.  At first blush it just didn't make sense.  The salesman and sales manager attempted to pressure me to make a decision, but I told them I needed to review it and circle back with them and left.    Now, here's the thing, I've worked in commercial finance for years, so I understand financing.  When I got back to the office, I just had a bad taste in my mouth, so I started ripping apart the numbers and reverse engineering the deal.  That is when I really got ticked.  They had offered me lease terms that were at best awful and at worst deceitful and dishonest.  After doing some research I learned that the money factor they were using was twice the industry standard for someone with good credit for that vehicle, the trade offer they made was $2,000 less than I ended up getting, they added $1,000 by tacking on a bunch of "dealer" options we never discussed and I hadn't agreed to, they flat out just added $1,000 to the price for who knows what, and there were a few other shady terms and ridiculous fees included.  After I had fully digested the offer, I was just flat angry that any business would treat its customers that way.  I contacted the sales manager and asked for an explanation and followed up with an email outlining all of the ways that the deal sucked.  His untimely response really did nothing to address my concerns, so I called and asked to speak with the GM.  I explained what had happened, forwarded him the email I had sent the sales manager, and told him that while I would NEVER do business with his dealership I felt he should know how his staff was operating.  He didn't seem too concerned, though and his only response was to offer me an extra $1K on my trade...... no thanks.  After that I contacted a company called RC Auto in Phoenix.  Awesome company.  I ended up with the exact car I wanted.  The sticker price for the car was $1,000 more than the Jeep I was looking at Airpark because it had a few more options.  However, after putting $2,000 down, my lease payment was just $20.00 a month more than the deal Airpark put in front of me (which included my trade in as a down payment) and I walked away with a check for $10K for my trade.  All told, I saved over $7K over the life of a 36 month lease vs. the screw job Airpark tried to stick me with.  My advice is stay away from this dealership.  Update:  In response to Cassie's comment:  I explicitly asked if a better rate might be available upon running credit and was flatly told no.

1
0
