JE9c8OJEGGumUuCMNih9Pg
PxqufEwqzIHAbQGRdZ3bUw
Had lunch at the Glendale location today. It had been quite a long time since I'd eaten at Pei Wei. It's not the same quality as it was when it opened. In the beginning...the food was barely second to that served at a PF Changs. It was quite good, easy to access and everything that accompanied the food was higher quality (drinks, napkins, fortune cookies, staff/bussers).  I ordered a small chicken orange peel with brown rice ($6.49) and my BF ordered the large shrimp kung pao ($9.99) and we also ordered 2 side spring rolls $3.79. I believe the smaller portion option is new to Pei Wei as I'm sure they're trying to capture a larger market w/less expensive prices or portions. For lunch, the small is just fine for most, especially if you get an extra little side with it.   BUT...HERE'S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE SMALL AND ORIGINAL PORTION SIZE..YOU PAY MORE FOR ADD'L RICE WHEN YOU ORDER THE ORIGINAL, NOT ADD'L MEAT.  Plate next to plate my BF had the same amount of meat (shrimp) in comparison to my (chicken)...his plate was larger and it had more than twice the amount of rice on my plate. So comparing apples to apples you pay $2 to $2.20 more for MORE rice, not necessarily more meat when you order an original vs a small depending on what kind of meat you order.   So...Just wanted to give you the heads up when you consider ordering small or original.

2
0
BpWeAIGCrl5jxt-sMJgDsg
Pulled in at 6:40 pm to a nearly full parking lot...Walked into no one waiting to get a table, but almost every seat in the restaurant and bar filled. We looked over to find two seats available at the bar, and quickly said we'll take them. We were immediately welcomed, even as we were still putting our coats down, and offered drinks, chips and salsa from the bartender. For the rest of our dinner, we were perfectly attended to and chatted up by the two bartenders managing the bar and restaurant orders that evening. I'd never been to Abuelo's before and asked our female bartender more questions than I usually do at any restaurant, (not sure why on this one night) and she was exceedingly helpful, cheerful and didn't appear agitated as I inquired about all their different sauce options I could layer on top of my burrito. She ended up bringing me two sides, and I decided I loved the chile con queso...When I was low on that...she brought an add'l serving. Happy hour is until 7...so we made it under the wire, they had $3 off most of their signature margaritas - many with hand squeezed fresh lime juice. Even though we sat directly at the bar, the seating adjacent to the bar looked like comfortable spots for two to enjoy the scene and were strategically lit with direct lighting from above I noticed, so people could easily read their menus.

4
0
XKlhLb7jQcbvVq1hpUmuYg
Incredibly friendly staff, great pastries made ON SITE - You can smell them actually baking, OPEN wi-fi that WORKS, not TOO loud so you can work, good lighting, they have a conference room in the back, proceeds support local charity in PHX - So ALL great things here. Add this to your co-working, meet friends, morning/pm coffee needs and sweet tooth. I didn't have the feta/goat cheese sandwich  - but my friend's looked and smelled divine! Love this place so far!!

5
0
