Jk9ZciNLM0cX-Oy1QEbRHQ
MfcXonXMQZQuROvH4Ojceg
One of the best shops in town I have ever been too! Just take a step into their show room and installation area and you will be amazed. Specializing in almost everything car customization you can think of. Sean the owner is straight forward and help you find what you are looking for. If you are looking for something simple like a CD player or speakers to a fully customized stereo system, auto starts/ alarms, to full interior jobs with door panels, console, headliner, trunk builds, etc. This place is top notch and will work with you to build the stereo/ automobile of your dreams. The type of shop that you will always want to bring your vehicle of any sort too. Also I have seen many boats, atvs/utvs, jet skis, classic cars, motor homes with the Unique Car Audio touch on these vehicles. Definitely doing something right!!!

5
0
e5uF2NqcQG-W0ZbdbIi_LA
Have been going here for a long time is our Monday dinner usually until one day I ordered the normal food pizza wings and ranch fries. The food wasn't the problem it was the piece of splintering wood that was in the French fries. I have no clue what this could be from or how it had ended up in our French fries. Luckily my wife noticed it cause if one of my children had tried to it, it would have been bad! My wife called to complain and talked to the so called manager and received nothing but attitude. So after arguing with them. The so called manager had said next time you order we will help you out somehow and will leave notes in system under our number. It was October 10th and after a few weeks without eating there I said I will call and try it again. So just called and received attitude and no notes in the computer under my name. Never going back to this place and neither should you. It's one thing to have something in your food as stuff happens but it's another to get nothing but disrespect and no customer service over something the company did. I have pictures of the wood and receipt but no customer service.

1
0
