JLzJn-4MgAvGFhQlI7POtw
r-iUs1HGwKExd1T2J5ez2w
This review is a year late....but thinking about Roberts as my Son and Daughter in law just celebrated their year anniversary!  This time last year I was a mess, overwhelmed with all the wedding preparations an the cost of everything!  We had decided to do a "upscale BBQ" theme in our backyard for the rehearsal dinner, as there would be over 50 guests, and our son wanted people to be able to get to know one another and be relaxed.  I love to cook, and decided to save money and do it myself!  BIG mistake!  I was crazed and a week before the event decided to call a caterer and see if I could get some help!  When I contacted Roberts they were calm and reassuring, telling me that not only could they take on this event with this very short notice, but that they could do it on a budget!  I told them it was "upscale", and they suggested things that I did not think of as upscale (remember I had a budget!) like the mac and cheese..... broccoli salad- but I was told to trust them, and so I did.  I am so glad I did, because the food was incredible!  Our house guests were up at Midnight, getting into the left overs!  Roberts insisted that I needed 5 servers to help with this event, which I also thought was overkill, but went with it, as they insisted on it.....again so glad I listened to them!  As it was they were all worked to the bone!  We supplied our own linens, dishes, glasses tables....and I thought I had the silverware...but at the last moment I called when I couldn't find mine and they said no problem we'll bring the silver...no extra charge!  When they arrived I was still at the wedding rehearsal and left my fathers wife and sister-in-law to greet the Caterers. They said that Robert arrived with the troops, and when he saw how elegant and upscale the event was set, he returned to his shop to get nicer warmers and other pieces for the buffet!   His staff was efficient and very professional.  They cleaned my kitchen, packaged the left overs and washed many, many, many dishes and wine glasses (remember I supplied my own, and as they were not rentals could not be just scraped and stacked!)    Finally, all I can say is that they are my hero's, and truly saved the day! The event was as memorable and relaxed as if I had had months to plan it.   I would use them again in a heartbeat!

5
0
5_zcDuRHTCHtwAGpIOOoQA
After talking to my son Kyle, I realized that I had had the same over priced/ under serviced, take no responsibility, horrible experience here.  The owner or manager..whoever came out to speak with me was horribly rude.  He does not seem remotely interested in customer service.  I will never go back, and will make sure that I tell as many people as I can to avoid this place as well.

1
0
