JnEpFNLnj0TWOO9ZZ_Q4-w
wZwZcte4lcbu51NOzCjWbQ
Kind of like Disneyland (Frontierland actually)  The prices are pretty low for the food described, but the quality and prep is mediocre at best.  Stuck at the AZ Grand Resort for a family wedding and avoiding the rehearsal dinner by saying I arrived too late.  Naughty me - maybe this is my punishment. Well, it's not that bad, but I would only come here for a birthday party for a child under 10, or when I'm a captive audience, like now.  We tried the rattlesnake with prickly pear cactus fries.  Definitely the highlight of the night.  Prime rib was cooked as ordered, but the meat was awfully chewy.  Sides included: Biscuits and fry bread with butter and spiced butter:  only had it one other time, but this definitely didn't measure, and the biscuits were not very good Green salad:  Fresh greens, but flavorless dressing and very little of it Green beans:  Overcooked, but tasted as if they were fresh Corn on the cob:  Watery, soggy Baked beans:  Pretty good, but very small quantity Baked yams:  Fresh, and well prepared, unfortunately, I'm not a yam fan Service was very artificially friendly.  Everyone raved about the view, but I was unimpressed with the lights of Phoenix.  I think I'm jaded.  Food:  20/40 Service:  15/20 intang.Atm:  14/20 Value:  16/20 Overall:  65= D+= 2 stars

2
0
6P2DqisDHtmD4Lvs2sMP-A
We stayed here at the Arizona Grand for 4 days for a family wedding.  The menu was a bit limited, but I could always find something I liked.  First day, lunch, I had a C- chicken Caesar.  Very little dressing, which itself was lacking flavor and what seemed like the kind of "pulled chicken" that you'd find in an enchilada.  It was all breast meat, kind of dry and low on flavor.  Second day breakfast, a vegetable, egg white "frittata" actually more of a scramble.  I asked them to substitute cheddar for the goat cheese called out on the menu.  I have to confess, goat cheese is just too goaty for me.  Got a glass of OJ that was fresh squeezed and derlishous.  Third day, dinner.  They were having some sort of corporate event in the dining room, but served the whole menu in the bar.  I had the special of the night - grilled prawns over gorgonzola risotto.  It was wonderful!  I'm actually not much of risotto fan, but the blue cheese kick and creaminess, topped with a little arugula salad and then the perfectly textured, buttery prawns over that....  I loved it.  Last day we slept in and decided to hold off on eating until the obligatory early check out at 11 was completed.  Little did we know, the menu switched to lunch at just that hour, so we split a club sandwich as sort of a breakfast-y offering, maybe because of the bacon.  The total standout aspect of what would otherwise have been a C+ to B- value was the servers.  Our two favorites were Bob and Stephanie, although they were all exceptional.  Always there when needed them, and not when we didn't, totally accommodating, but most rare, completely genuine and unaffected.  Service rarely trumps food for me, but when it's this good...

4
0
