JP-_zfAK4Sl_1Qh_EXaAYA
e9nN4XxjdHj4qtKCOPq_vg
I was super excited about coming here when I initially walked in. It's colorful, shiny, and so many options. But I found the food very mediocre.   I got the #1 Lee combo bahn mi. The bread is delicious! Crusty and chewy. But there was too much bread and not enough filling. Very little meat and pickled veggies. Perhaps I'll try the dac biet next time.  I also got a mini chicken pate chaud which was super disappointing. It was 98% puff pastry and 2% meat. The meat was tasty but literally the diameter of a nickel! One tiny tiny bite of chicken.  The iced coffee was free with check in so I feel bad criticizing it. Was good but super sugary. Had to dilute it 4 fold in order to drink it. Definitely worth a try but expect a sugar bomb.  Overall, the taste didn't meet my expectations based on initial impression and rave yelp reviews. But, I haven't given up on Lee's yet and will give it one more shot!  Note: cash only!

2
0
8ZwO9VuLDWJOXmtAdc7LXQ
Awesome stay here at the Clarendon. I highly recommend this hotel and wouldn't think twice about staying here again. The staff is super friendly and attentive. They offer a lot of cool extra amenities many of which are complimentary. They offer two breakfast vouchers per room at their restaurant (really tasty), free full size candy bars, chips, and soda at the front desk, free wine during daily wine hour from 5-6pm, and free bike rentals. They also have your standard amenities like pool, hot tub, and fitness center (it's tiny). Parking is mostly covered and also included. The rates were very competitive with the surrounding hotels, even when you include the $20 hotel fee.  The rooms are decent and pretty spacious. Definitely looks like they have been renovated.  Beds are really comfortable. My one complaint is that the shower water didn't get as hot as I usually like it. Would take away a half star for that.  Overall, great experience! Definitely take advantage of the freebies and don't miss wine hour on the roof. The view, especially during sunset, is absolutely beautiful.

5
0
u6EUXOSFnjxvzLll4D21bA
Great tasting sushi! Love the black rice mix they use for their sushi rice. Service was freaky fast (fastest I've seen in ages) even though the dining space was packed. I'm only taking away a star for the lack of ambiance and the very plain  and boring udon my friend ordered. This place is essentially all sushi, but they do it well.   The service was also super super friendly. Plenty of greetings and smiles.  The owner or manager also makes it a point to come visit every table and ask how your meal was. Overall an excellent dining experience!

4
0
