JP8WRQ-SxWWYz4wVRr_HKQ
kRu8GPQMkPArsn2UEl0SOw
This place... Oh man... I dont write many reviews but thought I needed to write one about this place.. Only because my roommate (female as well) had the same issues with these guys. A few months ago I took my car in because It was making a loud sound. And I needed two new tires... I brought my car in at 7am.. They told me it would be done around noon to 1pm (Lies) I walked home...I called at 1.. I talked to two different people before I could figure out what needed to be done to my car and when I could get it back. They told me it was my left ball barring that was making noise and that it had been worn down so much and it was something that I needed to get done ASAP. They gave me my estimate.They said they would call me back when it was ready.  I ended up calling out of work. Finally around 4 I was getting fed up.. Headed down there (by foot) My car was still not done.About 530 it was "done" I went up and those guys gave me a bill for over 900$! Way above the estimate they gave me! You gotta be kidding! They charged me for things they didn't even ASK me if I wanted to be replaced. Come on.. New windshield wipers!? In the fall?! It doesn't even rain here in AZ!!!!!! Air filter?? (Put my old one back in!!!) They tacked on other charges that no one had even talked to me about. ( oh but they were "nice"and gave me the windshield wipers for "free".. In the end..Yea OK!) just wait for it.............ON TOP of that the guy who "fixed" my car told me I still might here some road noise because my new tires need to be broken in ( wtf? New tires should have zero road noise..) I got in my car and it was till loud as before...a bunch of b.s. I would have taken my car back but when I opened my glove compartment the next day my car manual packet had been opened and thrown back in all disorganized..Did they even know what they were doing???  Took my car to Toyota eventually and needed my right ball barring replaced (they did it for free).  My roommate just had the same thing happen to her at C&R Tire... I do NOT recommend getting anything done on your car here. These types of places are scams.. They wheel you in (no pun intended) tell you your car is broken then you have no choice but to just get it fixed right?

1
0
ZDgSKEZ_xY6pIu0gIsa26A
This is the #1 nanny agency in the valley!!! They are very professional and will go above and beyond to give you help, answer questions and work with you on any level. Highly recommended!!!

5
0
