Jtb1UWfOuQosT-Rlf6HlrQ
SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g
This is the perfect setting for a girls day on a Sunday afternoon.  Share a bottle of wine while listening to Walt Richardson perform.  Couldn't get any better than this. Also, can be very romantic with the right man.  Gentlemen take your lady's here, they will be very impressed. The food, beverage and ambiance is amazing.

5
0
XTIIAZspxssIF7WenlXmrA
One of the only luxuries I spend money on is treating myself to a good massage. My boyfriend planned for a romantic couples massage for my birthday last Saturday.  Although I had a fabulous time at the Montelucia, enjoying all the perks at the resort, I was not that impressed with the Spa treatment at Joya Spa.  The day started off very rushed.  We were not as early as we were supposed to be for the massage because the person who booked the appointment didn't tell my boyfriend to be there early. We showed up only 5 minutes early for the massage but I figure that if we are paying high dollar for a day at the spa they would make sure we came out feeling happy and relaxed even if they had to move things around.  I felt rushed going into the massage, I didn't get any direction from anyone and found myself sitting in the relaxation room confused on where to go next.  When we got into room the 2 therapists were not friendly or inviting,  I don't think we exchanged more that 2 words.  It made for a very uncomfortable experience.   After the Massages we were told that we could have access to the private spa pool.  Upon arrival we found that there were no chairs available for us to enjoy.  We found that none of the cabanas were being used and hoped that we could hang out there to at least order some lunch.  We were told that we couldn't sit in the chairs unless we paid even more money.  It just didn't seem right that we chose to go to Joya Spa over all the other spa options in the Scottsdale area because of all the accommodations they offered with the massage and then they were not available for us to use that day.  They would rather have the chairs in the cabana stay empty than be accommodating to their guests and get more revenue for food and beverage. We ended up leaving the spa and finding chairs at the regular pool to hang out at. All we wanted was a place to order food and relax, because that is what we were expecting in spending that much money on a massage.

2
0
qqKbbeyWVNPHHorqL7qlWw
I love to save up to splurge on a spa treatment here.  It's reasonably priced compared to some of the other resorts in Scottsdale.  I especially love the Vichy Nirvana Massage.

4
0
