JXTmYQvs9GdeJab3b3__xQ
pSiR8m18iick2D7TFdmb-Q
Wong's never disappoints! If you are going for a trendy place to eat Wong's is not the place for you. If you want some authentic, hole in the wall Chinese food the definitely check it out. My husband and I have fallen in love with this cute little place and it's definitely one of our go to dinner spots.

5
0
Wa9nN637fEBbcAafbn2c8A
This was my first time to 7 Day Spa & Nails. The salon is very small and I was surprised how many people they crammed into the place, it literally felt like people were standing/ sitting on top of each other. I do have to say they were very accommodating and were able to get me and my two friends in, in under 15 minutes. I got a pedicure and was very pleased with how everything turned out... that wasn't the problem. When I went to pay, the manicurist asked how much I wanted to put on my card and I told her $30, $25 for the pedicure and 5$ for tip, when she came back with the receipt it was only for $25. I asked her why it was only $25 and not $30 she said she "forgot", mind you this all happened in less that 30 seconds, so I don't know how she "forgot". I asked if she could run my card again for the tip and she said that her manager wouldn't allow that and then insisted on a cash tip. I told her I didn't have cash and that was the reason I paid with my card, she then suggested that one of my friends that came with me could give her the $5 tip. I told her that was unacceptable and she went on her way. You don't ask that someone else tip you when you made the error. I was perfectly happy to give her a tip for the service that was done, but after that rudeness... no way.

2
0
lQE6KkUsd_kPOlVB_crSZA
This was my first time to East Valley Dermatology and overall it was a pretty good experience. I saw Julie, one of the PA's, and I thought she was very nice and professional. I didn't feel awkward at all during my yearly mole check, which was a major plus! The only problem I had was I didn't arrive the 15 minutes early like they asked to fill out paperwork (because I got lost), so I got a verbal lashing from the receptionist. That being said I gave it a 4 out of 5 stars.

4
0
