k6AcrNS8Vu68vv6bfiy8gw
r5-EtEwmMwr0g0m1lPtfiw
My wife and I unfortunately lived in this complex for about 3 1/2 years. It was horrible. We got flooded 4 times in two different apartments, and had to live in 3 different ones. The first flood was in '05 and was a minor one, but right when we moved in. It took them about a month to fix the problem. For the next two years we had a horrible cockroach problem that was never fixed, just like the gates to the parking lot. In August '07 our apartment flooded again, this time with a grey water pipe bursting through our walls. Instead of them being caring and understanding, they gave us two days to move out of the apartment, into another apartment in their place, with no help, because our place was considered unlivable. In the new apartment there was leaking in to closet where it touched the outside wall. They sort of fixed it but not really. Then in the summer of '08 when the monsoons came our apartment flooded once again, along with 18 other units on the bottom floor. The management handled this horribly. I lived in a bare apartment for about a month while they tried to decided what to do with my old apartment that still had all of my stuff in it. Then it rained again and flooded the old apartment again. Finally they forced me to move for 2 months left in my lease. Of course once again no help to move and gave me about 2 days. This place was horrible, my wife and I always talk about how we wished we would have moved out sooner. We moved out and rented a house in the Mitchel Park neighborhood for the last year of our stay in Tempe and that was great!

1
0
lktu5JPDlQUG-7cV7gOzDQ
I miss this place so much since leaving. I went there almost every day for a year, bought their coffee for my own coffee at home, and made my own toddies at home using their beans. This is the best coffe I have ever tasted. The service was always cool with me! I live in Texas now and am spoiled and can't find a good cup of coffee to save me... Best of luck Cartel, hopefully someday we will cross paths again!

5
0
_Ne4sL68IW6lEXYvrnkt-w
I checked out The Handlebar & Grill last Friday night with huge expectations. Honestly, it was just ok. The service was kind of slow, the beers were really expensive compared to other locations with craft beers on draft. The sausage I got was ok...The fries and the dipping sauces were really good. The atmosphere is pretty good, but honestly I would rather be at one of the bars over in the Maple/Ash area. I might go back and try some other food from them, but probably not order the beer, Taste of Tops is better for that stuff...

2
0
