Kdr5THg8PUWHchwcz8vGoA
cTyBfWfmgL3vgRetyfmtyA
Dive does not even begin to cover how bad this place was.  First off myself a several co-workers went here because we heard of their wing challenge.  When we walked in there was not a single other person in the place at noon.  It smelled like Clorox bleach was used on everything.  After we sat down we were greeted with the smell or sewage because there was a truck pumping out the bathrooms.  The service was very slow even though we were the only ones there.  If this wasn't enough when we asked about the wing challenge they said they don't do it anymore but they still serve the wings.  Hoping to save this terrible lunch trip we still ordered them.  It took over 20 min to get 4 orders of boneless wings out to us.  The wings were not hot at all.  They tasted like Tyson's frozen buffalo wings that had been cooked and the tossed some sliced jalapenos on them for effect.  There was not heat at all I have had mild wings at other places that are hotter.  Over all I would avoid this place at all costs.  It was a dump and smelled like one and the food was terrible.    I have a challenge to any restaurant that has the guts to take it.  I want to a spicy food challenge worthy of the valley of the sun home of 120 degree temps.  Any takers?

1
0
Wc4-mBb_8CTF5KoU8Fariw
My brother goes to this box and has been doing Crossfit for a while.  I was in town visiting and went to a class with him.  Now while he is one of the Crossfit faithful this was my first official Crossfit experience and while I am not stranger to working out or intense workouts I have always been leery of Crossfit.  Well I am very happy to say it was a good very good experience.  The trainer for the class Josh was very good about talking me through the workouts and he also gave me some one on one attention as I really need help improving my squats so he gave me some stretches I could do to help.  The WOD was a simpler one but it was more than a challenge and I felt spent by the end (my abs still hurt from the Russian Twists we did).    In the end it was a fun workout and everyone in the class was nice and helpful.  I never felt that I was being told to do something I didn't feel comfortable with.  While I still don't think I will be joining a box here in Seattle I will say if you are thinking of trying Crossfit this is the box to go to.

5
0
