KFvcv8w8bxyZrCTZsDBc3A
VxnV1uMZURUQMNUaPdB8QA
In our house this store is known as "Ghetto Target". My wife and I feel subservient to this store for geographic purposes. We have come to know and, ultimately, endure our frequent shopping trips with continually lowered expectations of anything positive coming our way. The checkout staff is, to a person, rude, unprofessional and often seem just really, really dumb.   My favorite story from Ghetto Target is a few months ago when I purchased some laundry detergent, paper towels and a birthday card. Upon my exit , a security guard followed me out of the store and asked to see my receipt for the purchase. Surprised, I replied kindly, "no you can't but thanks for asking". I kept walking to my car as the security guard "ordered" me to stop, threatening to call police. I calmly told him I was okay with his plan to call the cops, got in my car and drove away with him standing in my rear view mirror, looking like a complete idiot.   Of course, it's Target, so I still go back. Often. Maybe I'll  get a t-shirt that reads "I survived Ghetto Target".

1
0
mopddAK-ajxxRcN9w6YGHQ
I'm a guy that has been visiting Sundrops for my pedicures since they opened 4 years ago. It's a great, chemical free man/ped salon where everybody speaks English and you won't get the feeling you're helping to perpetuate and sustain the subservient working conditions of Vietnamese nail sweatshops, where the nail technicians take their barking orders from the man that owns the salon and work 7 days a week for an abysmal wage. This is why a pedicure at Sundrops is a few bucks more, however I don't  mind because the hour I spend there is so much more relaxing than at Ling Ling's Super Nails.   PROS: - 100% chemical free. You won't leave Sundrops with a migraine. - Clean and sterile. Files are one and done. -Enjoyable ambiance with great music and old movies playing silently on the big screen, offering a nice little bit of clever kitsch. Listening to Jack Johnson while watching Audrey Hepburn makes for a nice foot massage. -Kelly. She has been there since Sundrops opened, is super cool and gives a great pedicure. Always brightens my day when, even if I'm unable to book her, she takes the time to say hello, visit and ask about my family. Kelly books up fast so call ahead. All this said, I've never had a bad pedicure from any other technician.  CONS: Located in a dumpy shizbox of a strip mall that is always having some bit of annoying construction done to it. Hope they can relocate to a better buildout in Arcadia in the future.   cnstratton@gmail.com

5
0
