kh8MZHnMVYKxlG8uPbKFNA
xhh72bIFefOaAxsj4vJJaA
This review is long over due, but better late than never. I just wanted to give a giant THANK YOU to Mary the G.M. at Gonzalez. On Saturday, April 27, 2013 she and all over her staff front and back were absolutely amazing and worked with us immensely on short short notice.   The back story:  We had just finished up with a wedding and the Bride (my cousin) decided she wanted the entire bridal party and all the guests to meet at Gonzalez's in New York New York for a celebratory dinner. Mind you this was NOT preplanned so we did not have a reservation and had a party over 20+ headed that way. My girlfriend and I were one of the first ones there and took it upon ourselves to get a reservation in. We were extremely worried with the amount of people expected that we would not be able to all be seated at one time. The hostess was unable to book a reservation of that size on short notice without the G.M's approval...so we spoke with Mary. Mary was amazing (I couldn't say it enough). She and her staff cleared out the left side of the restaurant as the guests left and "reserved" the tables for our party. They were able to pull a table together for the entire party and saved some seats along the outside of the table for any stragglers.   They we're more than accommodating with our needs and even with a party of our size the service was great. Each person we encountered was happy and smiled and was willing to help service our needs. The food was prompt (a little slower than normal, but nothing outrageous taking in our groups size and short notice).  Needless to say the Bride and Groom and everyone who came were extremely please with the attention Gonzalez's staff gave all of us, the food, and the experience in general.   Next time I'm in Vegas I will make it a point to stop back in and have another Beer-A-Rida (or three) and the yummy chips and salsa!   Thanks again Mary - you guys were truly life savers!!

5
0
po71564E1NnfqspLzskQ9Q
It saddens me to have to write a negative review for a company we had such high hopes for, however, that good experience and feelings we had about I Do Events changed weeks before our wedding. The review we gave Echo is not what we actually experienced, it was based off promises and wishful thinking. That weight we initially had lifted off our shoulders crashed down on us weeks before our wedding. We are truly unsatisfied with the service we received from I Do Events. From the beginning we communicated our needs and the services but felt as though we were more of a bother, that we were asking for more and more and felt guilty for the needing the services we had agreed upon in our first meetings. We were not listened to, the same questions were asked repeatedly about multiple things that had been discussed in prior meetings, over text, email and on the phone. Our wedding should have been so easy for a day of coordination. I planned it, I booked everything, I followed up with my vendors (thankfully because days before multiple vendors had not been coordinated with, like our florist), I even put an entire outline, complete with photos, descriptions and the location of where each item was to be placed. Our biggest issues were with the lack of communication on Marisa's part. My wife and I fully understand that life, injuries and other unimaginable circumstance can and do happen, however, we feel that the way things were handled were not professional. It is truly unfortunate that the one vendor who was supposed to make our planning process and day of less stressful is the only one who caused worry and stress leading up to our wedding day. Injuries aside, we do not understand why, as a wedding planner, changes were not communicated prior to being made. It is horrible that we found out from our food vendor that a new point of contact was given whom we'd never met or even heard of. The changes made without our knowledge made us uneasy about our situation, unsure of what would be taken care of and who would actually show to take care of it. Additionally, the reasons we were given as to why you were unable coordinate our wedding seem more like phony excuses as days after our ceremony, which you handed off, you were coordinating other weddings and attending multiple events. To this day, my wife and I have not received even the simplest form of communication to make sure the people she set-up worked out or not.

1
0
