klIv2tCLA-ihu7yhtxUjnw
bA-Cj6N9TEMlDlOh2aAnUw
I kind of have a love hate relationship with US Airways. I have always found their staff to be extremely kind and helpful. I especially appreciate how patient they have been with me the many times I have found myself running late, or without a seat assignment. That along with the great prices I have gotten on my tickets give them 2 stars.   Now here is where my strong dislike for them comes in- almost every flight I have been on, I've been bumped. They do give me a voucher to put towards a flight in the future but it doesn't fully make up for the 5 extra hours you have to spend in the airport or missing your birthday dinner you had planned at your final destination. The cleanliness of the plane is questionable. Many times I have gotten to my seat to find trash. I don't know about you but I strongly dislike having to pick up after the person who was in my seat previously. Then, the over all care for the interior is lacking. So often I have found myself on a seat that was torn or the seat wouldn't recline.   I guess for me with flying its the little things that make a difference. It's already uncomfortable flying, the last thing I want to do is sit somewhere that adds to the discomfort of flying through the air.

2
0
eGevCRobYnA_HSj60sEWvQ
When I am out to eat something that makes a huge difference is how they act with my odd requests. I have an extremely limited diet and with that comes some pretty odd requests. They have always been awesome with my requests of no bread, and please don't season that.  I think they have the best humus I have ever had. I can't eat bread but man oh man its good with cucumbers!  One recommendation is if you are getting it to go, call it in then pick it up. Take out seems to take a while.

4
0
awT0OaO_dX9zGJly6wGFaw
When I am in Arizona visiting family, a highlight of my trip is going to QT. Kind of strange, unless you have been in a QT.   Let's see, they are clean. Like, sparkling clean and if there is a mess, there is someone already cleaning it up. The selection of drinks is AMAZING! The staff is always friendly, always.   ps. they have the best ice ever.

5
0
