l2ur58H98i3DvghoDtJWbw
FxKXpNvGoyLmipYQFDf5aw
d'Vine is a great place to eat and drink! While some folks seem to think that the wine is overpriced, now is the time to hit up d'Vine! This summer, they are running many specials on their wines and almost every day there is a different special.  As always, d'Vine's food is always great. I have not had a bad dish at the place in many visits!   The only complaint I have is if you sit toward the front of the restaurant in the 'bar' area, the evening entertainment is too loud and not conducive to having a conversation with your tablemates. Would it really change the music if the musicians were acoustic instead?

4
0
He9Dar4bk2vyeiPC7TkUgA
We were big fans of Eddie's when he had his restaurant on 24th and Camelback. We could NEVER get enough of his Mo' Rockin' Edamame, so when we went to dinner there last week, we were SO excited to see the Edamame on the menu!  However, Eddie has changed the spices and what used to be such a subtle use of spices has turned into something that hits you over the head and leaves a taste in your mouth of just a heavy handed use of spices.  Another one of our favorites are the mint pesto lambchops on the appetizer menu. Again, we were disappointed in this dish as the chops were fatty and not of the same quality as the 'old' Eddie. The chops come with an advertised cumin hummus which we could not taste even a hint of cumin, but a great deal of mint! I'm okay with mint hummus, if it's advertised as mint hummus, not cumin hummus.  I had the grilled steak salad and felt the presentation was appropriate and the portion large, The salad dressing was great, however, the grilled steak was quite fatty and not what I would expect at the 'old' Eddie's.   Eddie's wine list needs work. For true wine lovers, there was a wide selection of Old and New World wines, however, not the most appropriate choices to match the dinner selections.  Overall, I miss the 'old' Eddies. I thought the food was much better and had much more the feeling of being home cooked by this great chef. We will think long and hard before giving this place a try anytime soon.

2
0
