lDAhzgn0ulIfZt4bZE62CQ
yypKLRJxSjR2uNaTS_O6pw
My family and I have been enjoying their food and staff for a couple years now. The staff is always friendly and have gotten to know us over time. My kids always enjoy going there because the staff always make them feel welcome as do we. We always enjoy the food no matter what we order. Their days of the week specials are a great deal as well.   The food is amazing! Our fav pizza is the Chicken Pesto, with the yummy cheese and perfect amount of pesto topped with crispy fried onions. Our fav salad is the Chopped Salad with fresh mozzarella and tasty tomatoes. we have always liked the french fries. Although, don't let the name fool you because these are not your average french fries. No ketchup needed when you have fries topped with parsley, garlic, and cheese then dipped in a garlic aioli sauce. A new item on the menu that I really liked is Tempura Fried Green Beans with a mustard aioli sauce. mmmm very yummy! These are our favs but like I said we have enjoyed everything we've ever ordered.   It's our go-to spot, whether we want a casual lunch or dinner as a family, evening out with some friends, or date night with my husband. I'm never disappointed.

5
0
F8q_9PUl-Lwjj9xIRPArcg
This place has an Amazing soda selection.  I had the gyro burger it was great. We also ordered the Garlic Melt burger which was good as well. We will come back.

4
0
rdx7NSC7hHyd5qsRnHXWIA
I'm so sad to be writing this type of review for this business. I have a long loyal history with this company and previous owners. I have been a client since late 2010 and the rest of my family (hubby and 2 kids) joined me in 2011. We were all regular clients going 2-4 times a month for years. My kids felt very at home there. Even when they moved the business to a different building (a few times) I followed because I felt this business and its technicians were best for my family.  Just recently the business was sold to a woman who already had a hydrotherapy business in Scottsdale. No one was "warned" about the sell of the business. But once we heard about it we were told that she was going to honor everyone's packages. As she should, that's what happens when one assumes a business. But after my next visit the new owner called to tell me she needed to start charging me something each time I would come in. She said the previous owner made too many package deals and now there wasn't a money flow coming in and she needed to be able to pay the bills. I'm not sure why this is my problem. She should've verified financials before purchasing the business. During our conversation she couldn't decide on a figure to charge me for each of my visits. So she said she would think about it and get back to me. Keep in mind I had a package for me and my family. She wanted to charge me an additional amount for each visit on top of the package I already paid for. I didn't hear back from her til the day of my next visit (almost 3 weeks later) in which she told the technician to tell me that I would need to pay $15 for each session for the reminder of package. I called my husband and neither of us were happy with this decision. My husband said he would call her as soon as he left his office. I had my treatment and then left hoping that once my husband talked to her this would be all worked out. I also knew I would be returning the next day as my kids had appointments. My husband called the owner to discuss what she was requesting and she proceeded to repeat what she had said to me previously (she needed money coming in, too many people had deals etc) then she told my husband I was a liar and a thief. That we had already used all of our sessions, that I never had a package deal, and that I owe her $15 for my session that day. She then told my husband she was canceling our "membership" and that we not allowed to come back. She canceled my kids appointments (I received the email cancelation notice) So not only did she not honor the package I had (and I have proof of the package from previous owner) but she deleted my remaining sessions. To me that's stealing money from me. I paid for that package. Like I said before, I'm sad. I now have to find another place that I feel comfortable taking my kids to. Difficult to do after 6 years but I'm sure there is one out there.

1
0
