lGwXSDG5pOPc1F-lOXmBSA
yKMn9JUT53MAlsnrbuHAig
Rude management and office staff, very slow response times from maintenance team (if they came at all), and ridiculous charges at move-out. Thankfully I was able to talk them out of the extra charges, since they were based on nonsense. The complete lack of help from the office staff, leaky roof, frequently shut-off water, and bad termite problem made living here a total hassle. The only redeeming quality was the lovely Gainey neighborhood and close proximity to the Hayden Greenbelt. No thanks, never again, and I don't suggest you rent there either.

1
0
60Hhj_4rISZ6ixN-fM_7Eg
Mani + Pedis are the best here! Super relaxing, unique approach to it. Valley Ho is super cool and fun, so are the spa services. Def check out the specials too, totally worth it.

5
0
Kak44EXG-KpTGouZJ4xoFA
First let me say: oh yuck. Second, let me say that I didn't go there for the bar or loungey, late-night scene. So maybe that's better...but probably not...  It was around 6:30 on Friday, and my fiancé and I stopped by to have appetizers and drinks. The mixed drinks were pretty bad: the 'orange bowl' (gag) and a basic dirty martini, which was supposed to be a $6 well drink, but they charged an extra $3 to make it "up" (aka...adding olive juice). Lame count: 1.   The bruschetta turned out to be a lukewarm pita with some vegetables and feta on top. Nothing to hold the toppings on when you bit into it. Not bad, but I've had better. Lame count: 2.  The calamari were more like hockey pucks than squid. Over-breaded, over-seasoned. All you tasted was powdery fake seasoning. Lame count: 3.  The chicken wings were bland, fatty, and made with bad-quality chicken. No flavor, no spice. However...the fries were good? But honestly I could have gone to In n Out Burger if all I wanted was  fresh potato fries.   Lame count: why keep track after Strike 3? The name of the place says it all... once you taste the food and drinks, all you can think about is how you're going to Escape.   After not having eaten anything from Escape, we stopped by The Herb Box. I ordered the Jerk Pork Sliders with Jicama Slaw...which were great! If you're in DC ranch and want reasonably-priced food with a fun atmosphere, go there instead. Escape was still dead while Herb Box was hopping!

2
0
IcB2KDjGXdkG07Sitmik0A
Newish place, interesting concept: Fast(ish) food without the yuck factor, and considerably more hip.  Similar to a Pei-Wei or Chipotle style setup, patrons queue up in front of the register, and big bright menu screens overhead help you decide what tasty treat to order. A number on your table steers servers in the right direction when your order is up. Service was friendly, if somewhat slow, but it was one of the first weeks the place was open.  My man sent me to secure a patio table on a busy weekend night while he stood in line to order, and I told him to "surprise me" with his dinner choices. He returned with a grin, and told me that he ordered us a Cinnamon shake, which was really quite impressive, and disappeared quickly between our two straws.   I ate a sort of inside-out veggie burger, where the veggie burger patties (pretty flavorful I might add) surrounded a spinach salad. The veggie burgers were good, but the salad was far overdressed, and the mustard-flavored dressing started out great, but quickly overwhelmed the rest of the dish.   I can't remember what my fiance ate, maybe because it disappeared so quickly. The sweet potato fries were zesty and warm, and we ate them with gusto.  Overall, I haven't had the chance to go back, but I think that a couple slight preparation tweaks will improve the status of the menu from Lush Burger to Lust Burger. Best of luck to this new establishment!

4
0
