lj2sT2EiZwkPlY0a45FXag
2QM2p_15M93bsWHsqzSmvQ
This place is a joke. They don't have real doctors, they have physicians assistants. I went here last night because I've been experiencing unexplainable fainting spells for the last four or five days, and all they did was write me a referral to go get a CAT scan at the emergency room. But all the referral says is "recommended for higher care". So, when I got to the ER, they had to start the evaluation process all over again from square one. When I asked why I couldn't just get a scan like the urgent care "doctor" was acting like I would, the nurse told me that it's because nobody takes this place's referrals seriously, because they don't have any real physicians there.   So if you have an actual medical problem, I highly recommend going to an actual medical facility instead of whatever this place is. Everyone else in the industry thinks this place is a joke, and if you go here with an actual medical issue, all you will do is pay $100+ for a piece of paper stating that you should go to see a real doctor. This place was a complete waste of my time and my money.  If you really want to pay $100 for a sheet of paper that says you should see a real doctor, mail me a check or send me $100 through PayPal, and I'll make you a copy.

1
0
cXjEDbDe-DMD94RKMRAVbQ
These guys did an awesome job on my windshield. I work constantly, and I had been putting this windshield replacement off for probably over two months; just watching this giant crack in my windshield get bigger and bigger.  I never had time to do something about it, I don't even have time for a phone conversation most days.  But my glass guy, Will, he left a note and a business card for me on my car one day and it said to call him. So I did. Not only did Will take care of the extra step of dealing with my insurance company who insisted on having an inspector come look at my car to confirm that my windshield was busted, but he even managed to schedule the replacement appointment for the very next day. He was willing to call me and my insurance goons to make all of the arrangements on a Saturday, when I was actually at home and not working, and had somebody come out to my office to get the job done! Not to mention, the replacement guy showed up at my office exactly when he was supposed to, and I even got to pick the specific brand of glass that I like to use for my car...which is significantly more expensive, and my insurance company HATES paying for it. But Will said that it wouldn't be a problem, and he delivered. He took care of literally everything.   I would highly recommend Protek  to anybody who needs a windshield replacement. Even with all of that stuff that they did for me, they still did an outstanding job replacing the glass itself; very clean, high quality, professional work. The whole process of getting the job scheduled, covered under my insurance, and finally done was something that I was dreading having to deal with...but Will and his team at Protek made everything really really simple, quick, super convenient, and super easy. Protek is an all around outstanding company, and I now plan on reaching out to them for all of my future auto glass needs. Thanks guys!

5
0
