LKFo-Z93fhHHF-CkXoXvLw
9VZ_imQjvgtpt3k6W6AQ_A
I rarely write reviews, good or bad, but I was so shocked by my experience that I had to share it with fellow Yelppers! I am a Vegan, wether it is by choice or because of food allergies is besides the point in my opinion. Firstly, my mom went in to grab a table and no one had come by the table for drinks even after I had already parked the car, came in and was seated for over 5 minuets. It was not busy so I was not empathetic when it takes over 10 minuets and my moms fiancé to get up and ask where our waitress was.   This is where the drama begins: Finally she comes over and at this point we are ready to order, my mom and fiance place theirs and I ask the waitress if there is any way to get the spring rolls without shrimp (the menu says shrimp with vegetables) and she responds "they don't come with shrimp." So, I point it out on the menu, tell her I am a vegan and she replies "it doesn't come with shrimp, I don't know why the menu would said that, its just vegetables and stuff." I ask her to double check for me. She grabs our menus and walks away. later comes back with the drinks and a menu and says, "I can't guarantee they don't come with shrimp so here is a menu." I really wanted spring rolls so I ask her to ask the manager or chef if they can make them without shrimp. She comes back and tells me they are pre-made and I cant make any special requests. I say I am surprised they pre-make their spring rolls but that I will take a cucumber salad and a cucumber roll no mayo please. (mayo is commonly put on sushi)  Then the manager comes over. (I did not ask to see a manager) and he tells me the mix is pre-made and it would take to long to make the spring rolls fresh and that they can't make me spring rolls without shrimp. (Are you kidding me, TOO LONG. they are making rainbow rolls back there and deep frying tempura) I tell him that I am simply vegan and ask what would he recommend. he says the vegetable roll. I order that with no mayo and he doesn't even apologize that he can't accommodate me and just walks away.    She brings out my cucumber salad, I take a bite and notice it has imitation crab in it, which is cod fish normally. Now, I don't even complain or tell them to take it back I just offer it to my mother, But I am surprised because right before I ordered it, I said I was vegan so here is STRICK TWO this waitress doesn't know the menu items and what is in them. I am not high maintenance at all, I didn't complain, send it back, or ask for it to be taken off my bill.    Later they bring out my rolls and there appears to be mayo on the vegetable roll. Now forgive me for being worried and not trusting of the competence of the people working here, I ask the waitress if this looks like mayo (I point it out) and she looks at it and says to me, thats kinda green, it is avocado. so I look again and I am still not sure but I just say ok and she walks away. I could not believe she didn't take it to the chef to be sure, and was completely rude and short about it. For all she knows I am allergic to eggs and shell fish, and if I took what she said at face value and didn't challenge her, (the shrimp or mayo) I would have taken a bite of a spring roll that would put me in shock and Id have to be rushed to the hospital (If you know about shell fish allergies, its as bad as peanut allergies) and a rash from the allergy to eggs. (mayo is made of egg whites) lucky for them I have no allergy to cod fish and I didn't complain about it in my cucumber salad either.   Now what makes this worse is I went to Loco Patron earlier that afternoon for lunch and to me that is just a super casual sports bar that serves mexican food (they also have mac n cheese and fries) They were way more accommodating, far less rude and made me the most amazing mexican vegan plate I've had since becoming a vegan, $8 too so cheap!! They even accidently brought me a side of beans with cheese, took it back and took it off my bill. I didn't ask for that, I was just polite and they were sorry about the mistake.)  I have family in Scottsdale, grew up in Scottsdale and worked at local restaurants, Zipps, Oregano's, NYPD Pizza, to name a few. I am not some stuck up bitch whos daddy pays for everything and complain when nothing is wrong. I worked in the restaurant business and know that this was ridiculous and I could not believe this waitress knew nothing about the menu and the manager was such a chump. I have lived in Los Angeles for the last 5 years, and I know veganism is more common over there but this was just ridiculous.  I will never go there again, my family will never go there again and none of us will recommend going there. They were just plain rude. and who wants to eat pre made food at a sit down restaurant. at least Jack in the Box doesn't make it till you order it. WTF.

1
0
TFCPmrQj9PD1WvnZGYO85Q
Loved this place. so cute, great product mix from local artisans, the food and drinks were really great. I had a mimosa and the morning bibimbap bowl. my friend had the mule and the egg salad sandwich- both really good as well. They had free wifi so I was able to get some work done as well.

5
0
