LpibC3ELY_werpyhbusVpw
hIe65VALe8rxseYECVj08w
this place at first seemed like it wasn't going to interest me but since i was short of time to eat before getting back to work i decided to give it a shot. Considering im from chicago a new york style pizza i figured couldn't impress me any more than the prices that target has to offer now a days. when i stepped in the door i was immediately greeted by a young man w/ a sincere smile, he brought me to my table and before you new it my drink was ready & order being giving to the kitchen. the server was very attentive i found out because i guess he saw me looking at my watch and new i had a time limit to get back to work do to when the food came quickly so did my check. He politely said it was for my conveinance incase i was on a lunch break. I was amazed!! he also asked me for my name since he had never seen me there before and made me feel very welcome. I ended up going back to work very satisfied and planned on returning to the streets again on my next lunch break to enjoy another exsperience with that server named Jon

5
0
Snp5LyDO9NeQiuFPOlkavw
Just getting home from celebrating my son's 5th b-day, a night I will never forget!! Recomended to go to this Sugar Bowl that it would be a true B-Day treat I would not expect coming home to share what a HORRIBLE experience my whole family and I went through. Something I thought would be so simple, guess not for this Sugar Bowl. Starting with a 33 min wait to be greated by a server that had the excuse of she thought we were taken care of by someone else is not exceptable. Can't u see there's no drinks on our table? Then, the food comes out and every dish is made incorrectly. Server says, she's new and wasn't sure what there food looks like. Well didn't you study the menu & have to take a test on it before getting a section? Then, after our food was remade I gotta say FYI in my opinion, you can get a way tastier patty melt at the waffle house.. The server mentioned the Manager would be over shortly with apologies & most likely fix the bill.. I am not looking for a free bee but a Manager visit would of been nice. DIDN'T HAPPEN, yet I watched him hesitate over n over to walk our tables way, yet instead of doing so I guess he just was hoping the problems occurring would just disappear as he continued to eat food right by the kitchen door. And the problems,THEY DIDN'T GO AWAY instead, got much worse. Now it's time for a Birthday Ice Cream Treat. Well, seems like the whole table gets there ice cream 1st as I watch my son's melt away and have to explain to my 5yr old way he doesn't have his. My son, the look of sadness in his eye's tore this Mother up. The server says they are fixing it up nice..as I LMFAO, b/c I can see they are just adding more whip to cover up the melty mess and sticking a candle in it.. By the time they came out to sing Happy Birthday, I was Singing in tears!! My son should not have had to watch everyone else eat ice cream and then wait longer for his while they tried to fix there mistakes. As a person whom has been in FnB for over 15 yrs, including Managment & General Managment after serving in high volume establishments, would NEVER recommend this place to go.Exspecially for a celebration. And to the Server whom never came to apoligize to us before leaving, if you can't own your mistakes and show some sympathy on behalf of the place your working at, then I highly suggest to get out of this career now, it's not ment to be. Suger Bowl, thank you for making a night to never forget. I will never forget to tell people what your place is like..

1
0
