lu-9OQbMEPzYBAKrvZ7NOQ
XdNuJo7kuspvP6qa_SVQEA
I cannot say enough good things.  I came in with a check engine light.  Eric checked it out, and it turns out my antifreeze reservoir was leaking terribly (hose was detached and unfixable).  He, Jose, and Jose R. spent the time to explain everything to me, looked for a new part (didn't have it in stock so I bought it and brought it in), and installed it.  They took a great deal of time and care in creating a temporary seal in the hose so that I could go out and buy said part.  If they hadn't done this, my car would be toast.  They truly saved me a lot of money and heartbreak.  Eric, Jose R. (he goes by Joe), Jose, and Teresa were all so incredibly kind, generous, and helpful.  I hope their boss reads this because they truly deserve some sort of compensation.  On top of all this, I think they understood that I knew nothing about cars, yet they didn't try to take advantage of me.  That's really hard to find in the car care service.  I certainly will be coming back to this location for all my car care needs.

5
0
VFIe-EAIvc6vAktwHjpEBA
Here's my honest review.  PROS: -Great location; middle of greater Phoenix area; close to ASU; freeway extremely close -3 pool/hot tub areas -Gym; free fitness classes offered monthly -Parking garage -Indoor corridors -Granite countertops -Water, satellite, & internet bundled in -Maintenance staff is pretty prompt and helpful  CONS: -Abominable, unintelligent staff/management -Drunk party people belting 'til the wee hours of the morning -GOD AWFUL INTERNET SERVICE.  I'm certain Pavlov Media is the antichrist. -Awkward floor plans that make furniture placement near-impossible -NOOOO storage space in kitchen; non-functional kitchens -If you have an issue in any way, expect to have no help (aside from maintenance)   Do not take these list of cons lightly.  I'm serious.  At the price of rent, we shouldn't have to deal with such silly issues.    i've lived in two different floor plans here over about a year and a half.

2
0
