LwevcAH0OkFmeA8hGnk-VA
N13sN1m2zZNJDgRBlP8RYA
I sure missed me some Rubio's while living in Texas for the past 4 years!  The restaurant chain as a whole is one of my favorites, but this location is just not up to par. I'm rating based on multiple visits, all having a consistent "meh" experience. I have zero issues with the food. It's still the delicious Rubio's that I expect. My office is walking distance away; I would love to come here more often, but just can't bring myself to do it.  The entrance leaves only enough room for 2-3 people to stand in line to order. And stand in line you will! Every time I have come here was during the lunch rush, and not once was there more than one person taking orders. You're forced to either block the entrance/exit or take the line outside (which is not desirable in the heat of the summer). Once you do finally reach the counter to place your order, consider yourself lucky if the employee even looks at you. Not once in 5+ times has anybody smiled and greeted me here, which I had come accustomed to when I worked over by the location on Tatum & Bell (5+ years ago). I have also never found an empty table that didn't require me grabbing a bunch of napkins to clean up so I can sit down.  I don't know if complaints have been rolling in, but my most recent visit was a little better. Tables still had some mess, but not nearly as bad. And the guy that brought me my food actually smiled and asked if I needed anything else.  I'm giving this 1 star for being Rubio's (I already said I like the chain) and 1 star for the hint and turning the service issues around recently. If it continues to improve I will re-visit my rating.

2
0
TucqtiPHUT9xFT3teOPq-w
I never find myself in Mesa, strictly out of principle :D, but I was headed to the Mesa Arts Center for a concert and found this gem using my Yelp app.  The waitress was very attentive and actually apologized for asking me a question right after I took a bite (I swear they must teach that timing in the training videos at every restaurant). I had the El Capitan & the Cubana empanadas as part of the platter for dinner. Both were excellent. There was a surprisingly decent assortment of craft beer bottles to choose from as well. I was easily convinced to look at the sweet empanadas for dessert, and the waitress was quick to point out all her favorites (essentially the whole menu). I settled on the Ruiz's Pieces, because obviously I'm a sucker for a clever name.  I suppose I'll have to find an excuse to be in Mesa again soon. It will be an easy walk from the light rail as well once it's finished being built out that far.

5
0
