lyFfhIsEtHv7W3B_FWVRAQ
iSDCXRa2Ldu4jKZqGCFOFg
Terrible customer service. Stay away. I have been to Cobblestone several times without any issues and for the most part thought the overall experience was pretty good. The last time I went to get my car washed I was handed back a broken key by the facility manager and told that at this time they were denying responsibility. He claimed they did nothing more then try to start the car and the key broke off. I find it a lot more likely that the wheal was locked, the key was not pushed all the way in the ignition or the service man hit the key while vacuuming or moving around in the car. Regardless of how it happened I would expect a company to take responsibility for something they broke and have it fixed or replaced.    He then informed me to take the matter up with the corporate office and gave me the name and number of the general manager and that he will call me the following day. Well the following day came and went without a phone call. I tried calling him and leaving him messages the following day and everyday since without once receiving a return call. It has now been a week without  hearing back from anyone. I tried going in today to see if I could talk with the G.M. and of course was told he had just left but this kind of thing happens all the time. What do you mean all the time? My dad owned an auto repair shop for years and never once did I hear of anyone breaking someones key and I guarantee if we had they would have had a new one that same day.

1
0
Ws56X5xqMJq333E1ZV6I5g
I have taken mine and my girlfriends car here many times for several different repairs and have nothing but good things to say. I have had a very good experience every time I have been here. The staff is skilled and friendly.   Frank is really nice and easy to deal with. He will work with you and tell you if there is the potential for any hidden costs that might occur. He told me right up front he doesn't have the cheapest labor rates in town but you also get what you pay for. All the work is backed up by a 2 year 25k parts and labor warranty.   The last time I was in I was getting the A/C fixed and the radiator replaced. They gave me a free rental car to cover me for the day I would not have my car. I know nothing is free, but the prices are still extremely reasonable and I always feel comfortable taken my car there and not feeling like I'm going to get scammed by some shady "used car salesman."

5
0
