M54RVVoZx-E2aBmqad2pUQ
DgDb56-TQRWR9B53LQNhxg
This was the most thorough exam and consultation I've had since I was first diagnosed with asthma 21 years ago at age 4.  My asthma always seems to go away for the winter and show up again in the spring when everything comes into bloom.  This year was especially bad.  I've always worried about daily inhalers because over time they can make things worse so I was relieved to finally see a doctor whose approach was more holistic and involved allergy shots and not just steroids!  I was given medications but also was given a treatment plan so that as my allergies improve over time (with allergy shots), I won't be stuck taking these meds forever.  YAY!  I left feeling empowered to conquer my allergies & asthma over the next year.  Dr. Ispas-Ponas gave me a comprehensive set if tools to use for immediate relief and long term therapy.   I'm comforted to finally have a doctor who isn't into one-note treatments that only combat symptoms in the short term.  I feel like I have to comment on what another reviewer said about the office being about profit:  I didn't experience that at all!

5
0
2kZiyGqzB5Lnc0cZgHCOfw
I was going to the Mayo location and then, when the PV location opened up, I was a member there for a short while.  The owner of this location, Darren I think, was extremely pushy when I tried to cancel.  I had to go get a doctor's note because he wouldn't terminate the contract for the real reason I left.  Over the two years prior to joining, I'd lost about 100 lbs that I'd gained when I had had Cushings Disease.  I was seeking to lose about 50 more, tone up a little and build up my lung capacity.  My diet had been working well thus far.  However, the front desk girl started trying to sell me on an all-fruit, raw, vegan diet.  Now, despite the well-documented dangers of this (check out what happened to Ashton Kusher), I'm not going to go into that part here.  What was highly inappropriate was to treat me, as a client, like someone who was just starting out on a path of wellness and a total moron.  Being overweight doesn't make someone unintelligent.  I felt invalidated and degraded.  I returned to the Mayo location and find it to be a much nicer, welcoming, non-judgemental, enlightened environment.  If anyone else here had a problem at the PV location, check out the Mayo one before you call it quits.

1
0
