mdIo7M6yZqmZ1SBe93c69g
gWQlTK3o29rZGlw2YLUnhA
I have never been treated so rudely in my life.    I sat there forever before I was greeted. The girl behind the counter had her back turned to everyone, and was making tea. When I asked for a menu, she pointed and said they were at the register, when I asked again, she replied the same, so... I had to get up and get my own menu. Then, some of her friends came by and were yelling loudly right by my head. When I asked them to be quieter, they made fun of me.     I ate my sandwich which was not very good, and told the manager about my bad experience quietly. The girl then proceeded to grab the manager by the arm, literally drag her away, look right at me and say "you can take your business elsewhere!"     I walked up to the register to pay and calmly stated "Due to the rude conduct of your employee, I will never come back here." At which time I was told by the manager that this girl was the OWNER. The owner grabbed my credit card away from the manager and said "I don't want her money, I just want her out of here." When I entered I was in a good mood. Upon leaving I was almost in tears. Thanks for the free sandwich, and you have lost my business FOREVER.

1
0
IU1vsti98nfQN0FAzAjn6g
The Beat Booth are a husband and wife team. Nate and his wife Erica really made our party. We had planned on a live musician at first, but then decided to go with a DJ. We are so glad we picked them! Nate played at the ceremony the songs we requested, and faded them out seamlessly. During cocktail hour and dinner, the songs played were very nice. Swanky lounge type music. When the party got started, he was very in tune with the mood of the guests and kept all our guests entertained and happy without resorting to corny games. The uplighting was done in our wedding colors and really added something special to our outdoor tent. The Beat Booth also brings in a flat screen TV if you wish that plays music videos on it from the songs (even if they're super oldies) and is interactive with the music. It makes it really fun. He played a good mix of music for every age range there, and made sure no songs on our do not play list got played. Overall, super happy!

5
0
