Mf36INo4X0bN95pos1O3Fw
7p0OI2Ld46-EzJkRHGQEJQ
I've recently started a garden using pots in my apartment patio. Trips to Home Depot and Lowes leaved me wanting more. They had all the basics, but I wanted something more exotic like a grapevine. Oddly enough, another customer at Home Depot recommended Baker Nursery. Home Depot and Lowes has just lost a customer.  The selection is crazy. They have everything you could want at relatively decent prices. There seems to be plenty of knowledgeable employees, but they're always busy with other customers. I didn't have a problem with that because it gave me a chance to tour the grounds. The one question I did have was answered by the woman at the check out counter. She pointed me in the direction of the grapevines and gave me tips on care for them.  Baker Nursery is now my place to go for all my gardening needs.

5
0
uS2T2BMt7_EE7mhM3m3I7w
I guess there no real polite way around this review:  I will never go to Goldie's again.  The night started off normal. My mother, sister, and I sat at a table and within five minutes or drink and appetizer orders were taken. The drinks were brought first and our dinner order was taken.  The server argued with me over what I ordered because the menu didn't really appeal to me. Nothing seemed appetizing. I didn't really mind her giving me guff because that's what servers do in a sports bar: bust the chops of the dudes. Honestly, I was fine with it.  After that: crickets. We didn't see our server for 45 minutes. We didn't even get our food. I got up to find a manager. After talking to him, apparently a party of 40 showed up, and it required the attention of every server in the house. There was zero communication from any server to their tables as we weren't the only ones who were left without a server.  She finally showed up to our table. Didn't apologize. Didn't acknowledge the party. I mentioned the wait, and she immediately copped an attitude about how the 40 people showed up. I was stunned and didn't retort.  The manager came back to our table, and I told him about the attitude and how she never communicated the party to us. I told him that she kept telling us that she's been working there for two years. I figure if you're working at an establishment or in the same line of work for more than a year, you should have some basic communication skills down.  After the bill came, nothing was comped. Again, restaurant 101: comp at least a round of drinks or an appetizer to try and subdue the already irate customer. He did give us $10 in "GoldieBucks," but it was already too late for me. I'll never go back to that place. To make up for it, I didn't leave a tip.  My sister lives in the apartments right behind there so I'm sure she'll be back, but she said she learned that you need to sit at the bar if you want any service..  Food: 1/5 Service: 0/5

1
0
