MfBHBiSNol6fsNU46AlhgQ
m9Wqqma30o-hH2fAX7dnug
I haven't eaten Chinese food in years. (Other than Pei Wei... and I don't really consider that Chinese food... More like Asian fast food or something)...  I've lived in this same neighborhood for about 8 years now and driven by Desert Jade a thousand times and never really noticed it. (Kind of like ALL of those places on Indian School!)  But, we decided to get adventurous and try it.   And it was really pretty good!  As you walk in, it looks like your typical Chinese restaurant. Red pleather booths, paper lanterns kinda thing.   We were lead to a booth by the window which had some kind of tableau in it featuring big fake turkeys (not the cooked kind... the real kind)... So, don't know what that was all about.   One problem I noticed first... No Asian people eating in the restaurant. A clue to me when eating any kind of ethnic food. If you see people native to the type of food you're about to eat, it's a GOOD sign!  I ordered the Sizzling Rice Soup first. As the waitress was putting the Sizzling Rice into my soup at the table, she dropped one of the big clumps into my water. No matter. She was sweet and we all laughed.   The soup was really quite good. As was the Moo Shu Pork (that they made at the table. I'm used to assembling the crepes myself) and also the Kung Pao.   I'll definitely be back, Desert Jade! Thanks for a great Chinese meal!

4
0
0tHI0-PzdFW7b9z1AJ64HQ
It pains me to write this review. I'm hurting. But, I must yelp the truth.   Let's start with the positive because I want more than anything to feel good about Kachina Dry Cleaners.   The location is good (40th st and Indian School) and I love the kitsch of their name and the sign. It's so old Arizona that I wanted so much to love them.  The woman who (I think) owns the joint is SO SWEET. I just love her. She's always happy and you leave thinking that your clothes will be in the tenderest of care. I also have made up this story that she and her husband moved out here in 1950 and opened up this dry cleaners on the outskirts of Phoenix and her husband has passed away, but she carries on the business. (Understand that I've made all of that up in my head.)  There are two OTHER women there though that are the most unpleasant creatures I've ever come into contact with.   I've tried. Seriously. I've often pulled up, sat in the car and screwed up every bit of nice I had in my body to try and get them (especially one) to smile back. But, no. I get a downright grimace, no eye contact and barely an utterance. Oh, I've tried!!!!   Plus, they always need at least three days.   Then, they lost my clothes once. Someone ELSE had picked up my clothes.   But, I kept going back because I just love the owner.   So, I'm sorry, Kachina Dry Cleaners lady. I love you. And I want to support you.   But, I can't.

1
0
PwtYeGu-19v9bU4nbP9UbA
OK... While I do agree with some previous posters that Calabria is WAY better than any fast food options (and yes, Subway is fast food, people), I find a lot to be lacking at Calabria.  Located in the awesome Historic Gold Spot, I really wanted Calabria to have the charm of an Italian deli one would find in Northern New Jersey.  But, alas... It has all the charm of yet another strip mall store you find everywhere in Phoenix.   Yes, they do have what seem to be fresh meats and cheeses, but the sandwiches are in my opinion lackluster. I once tried one of their arancini and found it to be very similar to hush puppies like I grew up with. Fried within an inch of its life and not very tasty.   Having said that, their lasagna is tolerable.   To me, the problem with Calabria is the value for what you're paying. It's like a $10 lunch that's more of a $5 value.   Plus, I hate the way they've taped over their menu sign with little strips of white paper the items they no longer carry.   Tacky.

2
0
3oZcTGb_oDHGwZFiP-7kxQ
How much do I love this place?   First of all, it's one of a burgeoning number of places in the up and coming Arcadia area (which is great because I live close to there!) So, the location is perfect.  Second, you MUST have their ceviche! I love it so much that I often go there just to eat it and have a few drinks. It's SOAKED in lime juice and I salivate as I talk about it right now! It really is fantastic.  Equally as good (well, almost) are their Chicken Nachitos which are, believe me, a meal unto themselves (unless you're sharing... and I suggest you don't because they're so good.)  The only drawback at all is that it gets kind of loud in there. The acoustics aren't good when there's a crowd (and there always is.)   Oh, and one more drawback is the parking is inadequate. Unless you're ok with valet (and I personally feel lost without my car keys with me at all times), you should try and go early or late.   But, don't let these two things stop you. It's one of the best places in the Valley for dinner and drinks!

5
0
