MIXuw8W4N6vwNARYv1wwpQ
6jSfSVIg9GQN5srXxlTyRA
I have given this facility THREE tries.   First time was a 3 hour wait. It was busy, so understandable that it could be that long. But I couldn't help but feel there was an extreme lack of urgency. Staff was ok. Not bad, not great.   Second time, I went in first thing in the morning in hopes of having a shorter wait. NOPE! 4 freaking hours of waiting till I saw a doctor. They even took me to the back after the 3rd hour, and proceeded to make me wait an additional hour. While they were apologetic, it doesn't excuse the experience.   My third and final visit is simply, my last.  I tried their call ahead service so I could "wait in the comfort of my own home". Ok, so I called in, they said they could see me in 3 hours. I was ok with that since I could relax in bed, and get some well deserved rest. Arrived at the facility and from the time I walked in, to the time I walked out, it was ANOTHER 2 HOURS! What in the hell is going on at this place? It's not some run down, pop up urgent care. This is DIGNITY HEALTH, this is supposed to be, along with Banner, some of the best places to be treated in the valley. I digress.   One tip for this place... Set better expectations with your patients. If you know it's going to be a long wait, prepare them for the worst, or recommend another solution. Especially when I comes to urgent care, once I have invested 2 hours, I'm not leaving, but it doesn't mean I'm a happy customer to wait another two hours. Now, if you tell me up front that you are averaging 3-4hrs, I can properly prepare myself for what is about to happen.

1
0
wDhERgL7NWFiPdC-TROh9A
While the service was good, and everyone seemed friendly, the food was below average. I had their brisket sandwich, and the meat was about the only good thing on my plate. The bun was made for a cafeteria, and the sides (Mac and cheese + greens) just didn't have a whole lot of "love" in them. Felt like everything was just kind of thrown together and shoved in your face. BBQ sauce was average. Pricing was very good for BBQ, but you get what you pay for.

2
0
PvyXiJ084Tyg4ENFsIJJGQ
My girlfriend and I have been meaning to check this place out for sometime. Marcus and Angie greeted us at the door, and recommended some pretty amazing looking grilled cheese sandwiches. We were actually there for breakfast, despite it being 11am. I got a egg and pesto sandwich on a panini style 9 grain bread. Simple, but tons of flavor with the pesto .  I also got a mango banana juice which was very clean tasting, not overly sweet, and kind of a smoothie like consistency, which I dig.   All their spreads are made in house which is neat, and Marcus told us a little more about the shop and how nearly everything they do is made from scratch.  My girlfriend got oatmeal, as she's no much of a breakfast person, and liked the oats they use for it, along with the strawberries.   Overall a great experience! We will definitely be back for those grilled cheese

5
0
