moORNs83JSQ9JDGKX69BBQ
_tkAI5Q5XQSfgbqJzDKSDQ
I came here with my wife for a nice dinner while we were staying at the Valley Ho next door for the night and the food was inedible.  We were seated at a table right next to the bathroom, even though the restaurant was completely empty.  Our server took over 10 minutes to even come over and offer drinks/water.  The water arrived in dirty plastic cups and the water looked kinda brown, so we didn't drink it.  She took our order and brought us some of their "famous" homemade tortillas.  Wow were they bad.  And by bad, I mean they were the worst tortillas I have ever had the misfortune of putting into my mouth.  It was pretty surprising how bad they were since it is the "tortilla factory", they should know better.  When our main courses arrived, they looked ok, but tasted awful.  I had a steak and my wife had shrimp tacos.  The steak was over cooked and rubbery, while my wife's tacos were unfortunately served in those same disgusting tortillas.  Even the shrimp and other toppings in her taco were not just bland, but tasted really bad.  I got about 2-3 bites into my steak and her trying her tacos and then we looked at each other in utter shock.  We decided we were going to leave, as we were really hungry and couldn't eat these inedible creations.  We tried to flag down our waitress to get a bill so we could pay and leave, but she was no where to be found.  We did some math and figured out what our tab would be with tax and tip, left the cash, and quickly exited.  Thankfully, Valley Ho's room service, while not amazing, was at least edible.  We will not be going back here, ever!

1
0
Vm256P3nWpc8lHF32wjTtQ
This is the best all you can eat sushi I've ever been to! $21 for everything. It includes everything from gyoza, tempura, sashimi and maki and so so much more. We came in on a Friday night and it was full, but not crazy. The two for one sake and beer was just the icing on the cake. I'll definitely be back here when I'm in Scottsdale.

4
0
