MQ2LgzK6pwgMeGnZiYhHtw
YO_ngkGvdFKjiQmIP89YZQ
I was excited to try this place out. My wife and I raced with another 12 or so people on the track. We were not able to get in a single full lap in without everyone either getting slowed or completely stopped. My wife and I saw the usual amount of "bumping" in the corners but no one seemed to be malicious about it or taking the race way too seriously.   I'm all for safety and taking these measures when you get "that one guy" on the track but they were nazis about every little thing people seemed to do. They even came over and talked sternly to some of the racers.   The constant interruptions robbed racers of momentum, pace, and more importantly fun. It wasn't a pleasant experience so we will not be going back. Such a pity because it's a really cool environment.   Pros: Super nice facility, Nice equipment, Check in was easy,  Cons: Very expensive, Staff are indifferent, Race staff are Nazis.  My experience: I've gokarted in Germany, Switzerland, Turkey, England, California, Texas, and South Carolina for over 20 years.

2
0
OTq55xUFMOz13DAi9D0_rw
This is the best sushi for your dollar in Phoenix. Don't get me wrong there are better sushi joints in the valley that have better environments, better sushi and in rare cases both, but none have it for this price.   I've been here a few times and each experience the staff goes over and above to keep us fat and happy, and with how good the food is, its not that hard.   If your mango fan, I would recommend the Golden Dragon Roll.  Cost: Cheap Quality: 4 out of 5 Staff: 5 out of 5  Enjoy this little gem.

4
0
z-vuSxK4jQvRBdsk4lFCAw
This place is amazing. The experience usually starts in line where the friendly staff greats you, offers you drinks, as well as answers any questions about the menu you may have so you are ready to order when you get to the counter. Their beers are served in giant frozen glass goblets that are awesome! Everything on the menu is amazing especially the truffle fries and milkshakes. Goodness gracious they know how to cook a fantastic burger!  Pro Tip: They don't make reservations, first come first serve, for the best experience keep your party small (4) because they will separate you when you party gets up there in size.

5
0
aJfqFfBvVfPimdqf7D471g
This place used to be a great inexpensive dive to grab a bite with friends. They got rid of table service, so now you must order food and drinks at a counter. What little staff that are still there seem to be inexperienced and nervous. Food quality has gone down yet their prices have gone up ruffly 35 percent. You are now paying Kabuki prices for no service, blah food quality, and a busted up environment. It's a real shame that this place fell apart.

1
0
