mqF1otI_dKs6lbydnfoI9Q
-yxfBYGB6SEqszmxJxd97A
Disappointing Thanksgiving.  Expecting our first baby in a month, my boyfriend and I decided to splurge and let somebody else do the Thanksgiving cooking for us. I chose Quiessence based on a recommendation in the Phoenix New Times and from all of the great things I've heard about The Farm in general.   There were three sittings available: 1:00pm, 3:30pm, and 6:00- each 2 and a half hours apart (plenty of time to sit, eat, and go.. we thought).  We arrive at 3:15 to find every table still occupied from the 1:00 sitting, most patrons still eating, not even just kicking back and hanging out. We "checked in" at the hostess stand and stood there awkwardly until she said "we can't start seating until 3:30". There was no mention of where we should go in the meantime, if there was somewhere to get refreshments, or how we should expect to be contacted when seating began. (Keep in mind, I'm very pregnant, thirsty, and not interested in hovering around the hostess stand haha).  Once 3:30 rolls around, we notice there is a line of at least 20 people waiting at the hostess stand. Turns out they are going to be seated in the order in which they are hovering. Arriving early/on time/checking in was an unnecessary step and you would be given whichever table was left once you reached the front. What seemed like the manager was now at the hostess stand, literally SWEATING and visibly pissed off. He was barking orders at the wait staff, making it quite obvious that things were not going as expected.  We lucked out and got a great table outside. We were seated by the hostess who asked which type of water we wanted and said she'd be right back. Ten minutes later, we get water in two different shaped glasses because, as she explained, "we are trying to get caught up on dishes from the first sitting, we ran out of glasses." Cute, Quiessence.  A few minutes later our server arrives to take our supplemental drink order. At this point we could've ordered our food too (considering there were only a handful of options for the special menu), but we could tell they were trying to make things special and not rush us. When our drinks came, we ordered all 3 courses. The first one (salad) arrived 5 minutes later! Things are picking up, right?  Meanwhile, we notice that all around us are the grumpiest patron's faces we'd ever seen. The restaurant was setting up new tables, shuffling people around, and taking food to the wrong places while we are eating and other tables are barely getting their mismatched water glasses. Ugh. Not the happy Thanksgiving vibe we were looking for.  The cocktails were spectacular! I got a virgin egg nog drink and the bf got a ginger margarita. A+  The salad was just eh. Mixed greens, beets, cheddar shreds, apples, and a vague vinaigrette.   My main (turkey) was dry and oddly shaped. It certainly did not look like it was carved from any turkey I'm familiar with. The slices were small and oblong, ringed with fat, and sort of dense and tough. There was also dark meat that actually looked real! It was very tender and swimming in gravy. The bf got Venison and said it was good, albeit half the size as my entree.  The savior were the sides: creamed greens, roasted brown-sugar carrots, whipped potatoes, and stuffing.  Unfortunately, the stuffing was dry and salty, we each stopped at one forkfull. The veggies were delicious, and the whipped potatoes were AMAZING. So good we got seconds!  Dessert choices were homemade pumpkin pie and apple crisp. Naturally, we got one of each to share. The pumpkin pie was flavorful and delicious. The apple crisp was a bowl full of warm apples, gooey sauce, and vanilla ice cream on top... no crisp to be found. I suppose if crisp sits in goo long enough, it disappears. Flavor was good though, and was about twice the size of my pie slice.   Our "epic" last Thanksgiving as a couple cost us $65/person plus tax and tip. It was awkward, uncomfortable, and left us wishing we had crashed somebody else's family Thanksgiving instead.   To recap:   PROs: Cocktails, ambiance, whipped potatoes, and our server. I can't speak for the other servers, but ours was working hard for her money.  CONs: Terrible planning on behalf of the restaurant. Unprofessional slapping together of tables, clearing dishes, running out of dishes, little thought put into pre-seating arrangements and checking in process. Dry turkey and underwhelming (typically easy to make) Thanksgiving staples.   Something was clearly out of sorts this day, too bad it was such a special one for so many families. I thought "maybe this is their first go at it and they're working out the kinks", but no, turns out they've been doing Thanksgiving for years.   Instead of making a great new Thanksgiving memory and/or tradition, we got a headache and a wallet ache. Thanks but no thanks Quiessence, we won't be back.

2
0
YvZBcO7DyrL_0OZVQ1kZpw
Highly recommend! I went to Wash Wizard for the first time this morning and it is now my new favorite car wash!! Their most expensive wash is $8 and my car came out looking like I spent $30, not to mention that I was in and out in 5 minutes, having never left my car!! See ya never Danny's Family! It's a drive thru wash but doesn't have the damaging slappy cloth or rotating brushes... instead they have actual human beings scrubbing and drying your car. I felt bad for them going in and had low expectations as my car was FILTHY from driving to California and back, but they got every last bug off. You get a free wash after purchasing 7, free air freshener, and they recycle all of their water. (ps- they also have a drive thru DONUT CAFE!) Self-service vacuums are included as well. love.

5
0
