mQWMEHItpT6gkToJafTRbg
B5wsyPeSkonM4DNZOe3xbw
I recently picked up my wedding dress, that the Owner, Sondra, said she would store for me. When I went to pick it up, I gave Heather, one of the other Owners, my name and immediately, she said "Oh.....I hope we still have your dress" as if they have lost or misplaced dresses in the past. I was on high alert due to this comment, like any bride would be. She returns from going in the back room with what looks like a package due to it being folded up into a rectangle shaped package with twine on either sides. This was how they decided to "store" my dress. She cuts the twine and begins to unravel the dress which was inside a cheap protector. She did not offer to steam the dress and stated "well....here ya go". Needless to say I am severly disappointed with the bridal store, and will NEVER refer anyone and highly recommend others to shop elsewhere. I contacted my wedding planner to let her know what happened and that I am going to need it to be steamed elsewhere as they are not willing to do it nor do I trust them at this point. My planner emailed the owener, Sondra to let her know what occured, even though Sondra was in the back room, listening to the whole thing and did not try to do ANYTHING! Sondra said she tried to call my planner, but yet my planner did not have any missed calls from her. Regardless, my planner emailed her back and set up a specific time for Sondra to call her, which Sondra never did and completely stood up my planner. Clearly communication is a problem for this small business owner as well as with Heather, the other Owner, I am happy I have my dress but man what an ordeal & I hope NO bride has to EVER go through what I experienced as it was purely unprofessional and lacking everything that a service orientated business should care about!!

1
0
0bQKW7e23wTJxgvs_p2HjQ
The gyro is ahhhhmazing, as well as the chicken kabob!! Seriously my favorite Greek restaurant. Family owned & the food is fantastic, their fries are to die for as well! Highly recommend!!!

5
0
