MXF7wQxZ-cZYmVpe-W_Kkg
HMr_KN63f6MzM9h8Wije3Q
The casino so nice, they named it twice.  Call me old fashioned, but I like a good theme casino.  To me all of the uppity amenities in the world can not differentiate casinos in my mind.  They're all just boxes to gamble in.  Some of them are just nicer boxes.  Unless they have a theme to lure me in.  And few casinos stick to their theme as well as fake New York in Las Vegas.  I simply love everything from the cobblestone streets outside leading through a fake Brooklyn Bridge to the food court (with slightly inauthentic New York City bagels) designed to approximate the West Village (complete with street signs).  And, just like New York, they have a multiple story Hershey's World.  The facades are even more interesting than the casino games.  Though they have a few great ones of those too.  I was actually able to double my money on $.25 video blackjack because they have the game set to allow for splits and doubles.  Of course it's 2:1 blackjack but it was still the good variation.  Their video poker is pretty fair (8-5) to boot.  About the only thing that made it seem unlike the real New York City (or even the rest of Las Vegas) was how quiet it was.  Sitting in the "West Village" and eating bagels was actually pretty relaxing.  I love this casino as a good place to both indulge in and get away from the hustle of The Strip just outside of its doors.  This might be my favorite casino in the world.  Even if I'm too chicken to ride the roller coaster that screams (literally) over your head.

5
0
uJYw4p59AKh8c8h5yWMdOw
Had I not won a free trip here through Horseshoe Baltimore, there is no way I would have ever stayed at this property.  It's not really my speed.  Even if I was still in the party scene, I would not stay here ever again though since they expect guests to party without coffee.    There are seriously no coffee makers in the room.  Even janky motels on the outskirts of Atlantic City provide this benefit for its guests so I was shocked when the front desk operator told us we could "order room service coffee if we wanted to."  At $8 a pot of coffee or tea, no thank you.  As far as the rest of the room, it was serviceable.  Because we checked in relatively late, we were given a dual queen room with a handicapped shower.  The beds were comfortable and we had a great view of the Cosmopolitan and the other hotels across the street that we most likely would have liked much better out the window (but are there any bad views in Las Vegas?).  The television was large and it mostly worked (the remote control was pretty slow but that's par for the course at casinos).  So the room was relaxing at least.  Having all of the Miracle Miles stores and restaurants closeby is a perk of staying here as opposed to many other casinos.  But I had an amazingly tough time finding the exit to these places.  I had a hard time finding my out of this casino in general.  In a way that few others have stumped me.  It is maze involving multiple party pits and dancing dealers.  If that's your thing, this casino might be for you.  But I spent all of $8.50 playing multi-hand video blackjack here the whole weekend.  Honestly, I never thought I'd find a Caesars property worse than Bally's in Atlantic City but this one might take that "prize" for sure.

2
0
zKfOO5xmZioR2z9QT2QIkw
If there was one thing that I appreciated this place for more than any, it was the two words "Thai spicy."  Whereas most places with potentially spicy food stop at "spicy" this one admits there is a whole other level which should be on all menus.  I got medium in peace knowing that it was the second tier of a four tier spectrum and it delivered the promised spice for once in my Thai food tasting life!  I also enjoyed the free soup that I was told came with "pretty much" every meal on their lunch menu during their lunch special.  While I found it a bit thin, it hit the spot while myself and my new co-worker (and replacement) who I was in Phoenix to train waited for our main course.  And what a main course it was!  Getting the orange fake chicken at a Thai place was a risky choice.  But they made it with such care that the orange flavoring was on every single morsel of fake chicken.  And it was a delicious sauce that, while it overpowered the protein, did not make me mind on bit.  In fact, the very large bowl of rice they give you on the side ended up being an orangey mess of rice goodness.  Even one that I could not finish.  Since my hotel had no refrigerator (but it did have a microwave weirdly enough), I could not take it "home" for a snack but I certainly would have had I been spending my own money and not my company's, .  While the prices here are decent, it does lean slightly towards the pricey side.  Not for downtown, necessarily, but overall.  Still, worth it.

4
0
