n1iBxKB75NckL15DGKd8MQ
hsTKn-6YSH3JsOSiYKGkwQ
The food in this place is OK (it was not particularly hot). Not much better than Taco Bell, to be honest, but when waiting for a Southwest flight at McCarran you don't have a lot of good options.  The prices are high, as they always are at an airport, but not ridiculous.  The service on the other hand, was abysmal. Not particularly slow or anything like that, but I do expect some small degree of courtesy from a server. We were treated in a totally offhand manner, and the server got our order wrong. No hello, thank you, goodbye, have a nice flight, etc. I would classify this woman as rude, to be frank.  Next time, we'll just eat at Burger King or Sbarro.

2
0
AXok1a8w0gNhdrWZ7L633g
This is my fourth Mellow Mushroom location (previously eaten at their Birmingham, Tuscaloosa and Fort Worth locations), and this is probably the weakest of the bunch. Allow me to explain:  The pizza, while truly delicious, is a wee bit skimpy on the toppings. The crust, however, is good enough that this is not a fatal weakness. But it should be remedied. All of the other locations I have visited are more generous in this regard.  We had the Holy Shiitake, a cheese pizza with pepperoni and sausage, and a Kosmic Karma. The best, I terms of toppings volume was the cheese, followed by the Karma and sadly by my favorite, the Shiitake. The last pizza is generally stellar, but in Scottsdale it was just good.  Now to the service: Mellow Mushroom prides itself on hiring interesting and cool people. Piercing and tats are frequent, as is a very casual demeanor. I appreciate the approach, but I would like to see a couple of changes, such as being more attentive and writing down orders. Pro tip: writing the order means you don't forget the artichoke hearts my friend wanted on her Kosmic Karma.  The beer selection is bewildering and the type on the beer menu is tiny, and covers both sides of a sheet of letter paper, so bring your reading glasses if you're old like me.  I believe 3.5 stars would be a better rating, but they get 4 because of the awesome flavor of their pizzas.

4
0
