n4ovDh_gnWBoY7_DqSJ5Kg
JVmPxs-yN5VR1l4_-7MZww
Brandon and Brandon are the best in the business!!I planned on getting a new bed and went to Sam's Club and a few other places before visiting this store. Brandon approached me with a deal I could not pass up!!!  My bed was delivered two days later and set up in my room just as promised!!  I am sleeping on a cloud!! Thanks guys, I will definitely be bringing more business your way!

5
0
_Ne4sL68IW6lEXYvrnkt-w
I was extremely disappointed in the event tonight. I went with my friend who was celebrating her birthday and was attempting to show her something new on Mill. It definitely did not work out that way.  We got in and were told that there was seating available. We walked around a few times and finally found some group that was leaving and grabbed their table. We waited.  Finally our waitress, Brittany, came over and apologized for the mess on the table, got our drink order and left. We waited. She finally showed up about 10 minutes later with our beers and bolted off. Where we were sitting, there were two picnic tables, side by side, we (the two of us), sat on the table closest to the roll top doors; there was a four top on the other table. Another group of five decided that they were going to sit in between our groups. We said fine, as we understood that there was limited seating and that they were in the same situation as we were a few minutes ago.  We waited again. She came and took their drink order and we were able to stop and ask about the food service this evening. We were told initially that there were people passing around samples. What we were told by Brittany was this:"there are people bringing food around as samples; if you get some, your lucky". We never got any food.  In fact, the other four people on the opposite end, were served twice. Two trays, both times. We finally resigned to the fact that we were not going to get any type of food and were ready to leave.  We looked for our waitress and were unable to find her. We finally located her and tried to get her attention and she was serving the table behind us who kept running her, one beer at a time it seemed, to the well. As we finally got eye contact with her and closed our tab, we made it to the front and exited.  There were plenty of what seemed to be managers, hob knobbing with other guests. They were not paying attention to anything that was going on. I understand that this was a preview night, but that is one of the goals as managers; to identify where there are issues and resolve them.  I was truly disappointed with the service, the staff, and since I have never tried the food, I would not know what to comment on that part of your offerings.

1
0
