Nc3QNQRf7PPIRROkHGh3Zg
VnqQIgN7ZqnZhrDnxc30YQ
We are very happy with our service from Pool Daddy - we'll never go back to trying to maintain the pool ourselves! George and his crew are always knowledgeable, friendly, and professional, and the price is very reasonable. Highly recommended!

5
0
spKnyZMyJWinDINbf4HR0Q
Let me start by telling you what they got right - the story is good and relies on comic book lore that goes a little deeper than the cinematic universe. There is one moment near the end that genuinely brought a smile to my face which I won't ruin for you, and the staff seemed like they genuinely wanted to help. However, none of that can make up for the complete disorganization and technical malfunction we experienced.  I was part of the 10:00am Saturday group that others have written about. First, we spent 45 minutes trying to register our wristbands on malfunctioning kiosks, which was made especially painful by the fact that the wristbands didn't seem to work at all and that the registration served no purpose.  We moved through the first two domes in a long line but without any specific problems. When we got into the first experience dome, what others have referred to as the arcade dome, we began to see clearly that the experience was not ready for the public. We were told that the Iron Man flight simulator didn't work, only to see people using about an hour later with a long line. We waited 30 minutes to get into the laser shooting gallery, only to have it malfunction when we went inside, where they left us standing in the dark for 15 minutes before unceremoniously being told to leave. The only functioning exhibit we were able to experience was the reconstructing the adaptoid, which was ok but not anywhere near the entertainment we expected for the price of admission. By the time we left this room we we were already frustrated.  We then moved onto the vestibule for the next exhibit, where we waited for another 30 minutes for the next dome, where we were told 110 people were 'stuck'. When we finally moved inside, they passed out 3D glasses and we were told we would begin our training. Moments later, they told us to take off the glasses because the 3D wasn't working anyway. The 2D animated movie was ok, and might have been awesome in 3D but who knows. Most of the people I was with ceased being able to follow the story at this point anyway.  The next chamber in between training and the climax was good, and actually the best part of our experience, which I won't ruin for anyone. If the rest of the exhibit had worked as well I wouldn't be complaining.  Most insulting was the '4D' ride at the end. They took our malfunctioning wrist bands before we entered, and throughout the presentation it became clear that we would have been participating if we had them. There were no '4D' effects beyond what you could get in a flight simulator at Dave and Busters. The movie was not in 3D.  The store at the end looked like it had some nice, unique merchandise, but we were so irritated and angry we just rushed through it and left, not interested in spending even one more dollar.  I spent $215 dollars on 4 adult and 2 child's tickets and $10 for parking for an experience that left me sad, dissapointed, and angry. I had high hopes for this. I have since learned that some people have been offered refunds or passes to return when they have things working, but no one has reached out to us despite our attempts to contact them. The uneven reimbursement just adds insult to injury.  UPDATE: I was contacted and offered a refund, which Ticketmaster processed right away, so kudos to the Marvel Experience and Hero Ventures for doing the right thing.

1
0
