nmYkhUjbIeLMUZR0tEWGmw
uiadM74nDbEPGeGQFghK0g
Wow! A little behind on reviewing this restaurant but I still wanted to leave a review--that's how impressed I was. I really want to thank our waiter for being INCREDIBLY sweet and kind. He checked up on us and was just the nicest waiter I've ever met. I only wish I got his name so I could mention him!  My first impression of the restaurant was that it was a little different. We sat "outside" which was next to where people walked and we couldn't really experience the interior design of the restaurant--but it was still nice.   We started with the infamous filet mignon meatballs which were perfect for two girls who starved themselves before dinner. The meatballs melted in your mouth and the leftover sauce made for great dipping sauce for the amazing garlic rolls (ask for seconds!!). We got two pastas each: a lobster ravioli and another pasta I can't remember the name to. The second pasta was actually one with NO sauce and being really picky eaters, my cousin and I were thankful for the "no sauce". Things can get a little heavy when you have ravioli and meatballs (plus drinks!).  100% would come again just for the meatballs!

5
0
-4QayefhaPXm6wPp-Zpb0A
Had ZERO expectations for this place and they STILL LET ME DOWN -___- SAVE YOURSELF TIME AND MONEY AND MAYBE SOME WHITE HAIR AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.  Came here just to sleep because we had a flight at 5am but when we got there they said they couldn't find our reservation....AND THEN when they found it, they said they'd given our room to someone earlier with the same last name........uh oh ok well then give us another room right? So we requested A NON SMOKING ROOM and all they could offer at that point was a SMOKING ROOM. I don't care about people who choose to smoke but those who don't smoke know that the smell can be extremely bad and being put in a room that smells like it naturally makes one infuriated.   We tried reasoning with them but they didn't seem very sorry that they messed up. The manager even came out and yelled at US for being angry?? WTF IVE NEVER BEEN SO INSULTED. You guys messed up, don't give me attitude -_- How do you even give the room to the wrong person DON'T YOU CHECK ID??? In the end, they gave us a small discount on the room but that's it. Yup. That's it. Never coming back.

1
0
