nqDqf9icSGoOrr0a8aP1Eg
3w5gd4EuSc75UKYMJiNUPA
I was stuck on stupid the first time I walked into this establishment.  The design of this lavish restaurant made my head spin.  Pristine white - marble everywhere.  The I-dont-know-how-many-stories-glass-wine-tower made my mouth drop.  Fluffy Swans.  Ridiculously gorgeous.  My boss had made me a reservation here as he rubs elbos with Mr. Palmer himself.  We were greeted by Aureole's Manager, Kevin, and were overly fawned upon from the moment my cousin and I introduced ourselves.  I felt old Hollywood.  Our waiter handed us an intimdating mini laptop device - aka - the wine list - and asked us to pick.  I looked at him as if he grew another head.  I told him, I trust you.   "Well done."  And he walks away.    I'm not going to bore you with every detail, but let me tell you that every detail was perfectly executed.  I highly suggest the lobster ravioli and for dessert, the ladyfinger - and trust me, I had a sampling of EVERYTHING on the menu.  Not one morsel of that kitchen's mouth watering concoction goodness left unturned, unbitten, or unappreciated.   Needless to say, my cousin and I were lit by the end of the night, drunk on wine, glorious food, and high on life.  We had the I-had-the-best- meal-of-my-life giggles and we were so satisfied with the evening we didnt even need to spend the saturday night at a vegas nightclub.  We found our way back to our hotel room and talked about dinner experience till we fell asleep.   And today, I still tell the story.  Charlie - open one in San Francisco!

5
0
5GKbGn9-fAgQ0njSh3OJ8A
A club is only as fun as the people you go with and what you make of it. With that said, I had one helluva time.  The bouncers were friendly, and it was a breeze to get in.  Our table waitress Crystal was adorable and attentive.      They had storage boxes at our table to put our purses in.  Nice touch.  The venue itself was nothing breath taking - not ugly by all means, but for Vegas - usually it has to have some je ne sais quo, right?  The music was typical - hip hop then change - then something else - then change, but all together was fine.  My girls were dancing on tables, having drunken fun.  And thats all that matters.

4
0
Wa9nN637fEBbcAafbn2c8A
The only reason why I gave this salon 2 stars was because of the length of their foot massage.  1. My manicurist cut me not once, but twice - to the point my cuticles would not stop bleeding.    2. My clear coat came off in ONE day.

2
0
