NR5dGxW2ctHGQeGpzGrrnw
rDvz5jX65gpfONFu7er9Tw
Been coming to this place for about 3 years and it seems every time we return it gets worse. Today walking into the place the tables were dirty and there was a smell in the place that said " i need a good cleaning". I ordered a Carne Asada burrito and when I opened it to add green sauce all I saw was a tablespoon of Carne meat. I took it up and showed the cashier girl. Her response was of bewilderment when she pointed with her pen at the tablespoon of Carne meat. I then explained to her that in a Carne Asada burrito the Carne is the main ingredient not the beans and salsa. They remedied the situation by adding more meat but I should have to go up and show them proper portioning. Another person in the party got nachos with beef. To me nachos mean the chips topped with lots of cheese and whatever else you add as a topping. Well needless to say the nacho chips barely had a tablespoon of cheese on them. Inconsistent food, dirty environment, rude staff and not a positive experience. Many a time I vowed not to return but this was my last visit. Too many places in the area that care about quality of food and customer service. I also worked in the industry so I'm familiar with what a customer wants and expects when they walk into a food esyablishment.

1
0
pGUS_Bj4FH-RfLozQslfjA
Been here around 5 times in the last 3 years. Seemed better when they first opened up. Came here about a year or so ago while driving to SD. Got A Carne Asada burrito.  The meat was hard as a rock and the burrito lacked flavor...I threw half of it away. Thought I would give it a try again today. Carne Asada burrito and 5 rolled tacos for over $15 bucks. No thanks...too expensive, the meat had an off taste and the food was very bland. Taco bell next door would of been a better option.  Another Mexican food place in Maricopa that's over priced with mediocre food. Service suvked...the girl taking the order was whispering instead of talking to a customer...screw like she hated being there. Can't say the other two employees were happy being there. Was there on Saturday afternoon around 430pm.  If the owner sees this...buddy, train your employees. I was a restaurant manager for 8 years for 2 different restaurants and a night club. I know good food and customer service and today this place lacked both. Oh, and there was a nasty smell in the place, either their grease trap needs to be drained or they need to change their mop heads.. Never again...save your money.

2
0
Y8OPM6aiLoGEQc6OXhnR8A
Family-owned, delicious and the owner took the time to explain how he makes the broth from scratch daily (no MSG,  no shortcuts with bouillion, etc.). Pot stickers, summer rolls, beef pho, and iced coffee are excellent.

5
0
