nyks5j-5fWtZtqxseOigQw
BK51tV_XtCm3UHwRVyCuqQ
I went here on a Friday afternoon, towards the end of the lunch hour, so I was anticipating pretty brisk service since there wouldn't be too many people in the restaurant. I wound up having to wait 2 minutes before anyone even walked up to seat me.   The menu is pretty simple and since it was lunch, I decided to go for one of their sandwiches. I ordered a cafe au lait and their grilled bacon and cheese sandwich. The waiter actually came back to me and had to ask me how a cafe au lait was prepared (he got it mixed up with a cafe americano). That didn't bode well for the rest of my meal. I actually got my sandwich pretty quickly (which, btw, you have to order a side separately from the sandwich). Instead of the anticipated cheddar cheese, I got cheese that tasted very similar to Velveeta. The bacon, which you would expect a restaurant of the same name to get spot on, was chewy and not cooked as much as I would expect. It tasted like good grade bacon. It just was way too flabby for my taste. The one thing that was spot on was the bread. The bread was grilled to perfection. Nice and crunchy on the outside with still some softness on the inside of the sandwich indicating fresh bread. I only wound up eating about half of the food on my plate. When the waitress came to give me my check, she took my plate away and came back a minute later saying that the chef noticed I hadn't eaten a lot of my food and wanted to know if I had not liked it. I indicated my disappointments and she said that she understood and went back away with my check. I finished my cafe au lait and was walking out of the restaurant when my waitress caught back up with me. She said that the chef was sorry I hadn't liked my meal and wanted me to have $5 off my next meal so that perhaps I could come back and try another dish to see if I liked it better.   So, overall while the food was definitely lackluster in quality, and the initial service was a wee bit on the slow side, I will give their customer service 5 stars just because it's rare for a restaurant to respond like that.

2
0
4gxZ5tPEqm0QnRkILa9cNQ
I'm a huge fan of crepes. I make them at home whenever I get a chance. I must say, though, that Jeff takes the crepe to a whole new level for me and puts mine to shame. The fillings are always awesome.   Sadly, since the city won't let them do crepes right now, we must suffer without. And yet, Jeff still comes through with other awesome creations. I look forward to every Sunday and catching them at the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market.   Jeff & Erin - Keep on truckin!

5
0
