nzJbI_NNZEq5YqcQbyz9Eg
cjjZt2oOkk0F152RkQMfQw
Went here on Saturday night......... loved the Christmas decorations and hated the fact that there is only one stall in the ladies restroom!    All in all I really enjoyed the Coach House.  I am more of a fan of bars than clubs so this Scottsdale joint was right up my alley.  Not to mention the Christmas decorations really got me in the holiday spirit.   Drinks were reasonably priced, crowd is pretty laid back, it's a good time!

4
0
9VZ_imQjvgtpt3k6W6AQ_A
I have been wanting to try this place for awhile since I always drive by it on Scottsdale. Finally made it there with a girlfriend on Saturday night.    The service and ambiance were great, however the sushi was only mediocre.  First we had edamame, which was fine, it's pretty hard to mess that up! We then split the ungi roll and and the Stingray roll (which I think is  their signature roll because it was one of the most expensive).  The eel roll was good but the Stingray roll was way too spicy and nothing to write home about.  I have never gone out to sushi and had pieces left over, but we definitely did not finish the Stingray roll.      Anyways, Stingray seems like it would be a good place for  Happy Hour (it always looks happening when I drive by it during that time) but I wouldn't go here again for a sit down dinner. Stingray does have location on it's side though...... After dinner, the bars were just a few blocks away!

2
0
9mfec4ySQpW8doGs3FUP2Q
Stayed here on New Years Eve and it was awesome! Believe or it not I got a room here for $79 using Hotwire.  Having used Hotwire before, I have learned that many hotels tend to put their Hotwire and Priceline guests in the not so nice rooms, however Fairmont gave us a huge room with a really private balcony.    The pool is fabulous with really comfy lounge chairs. The grounds are beautiful, staff is really friendly, fitness center is huge, all around it is a great experience!    For our NYE celebration we went to Stone Rose Lounge in the Fairmont and it is a really fun and classy bar that I would recommend as well!

5
0
