O-7TJwkntcM6FT1Ua_jaLQ
QVR7dsvBeg8xFt9B-vd1BA
This is and forever will be my favorite place to get wings! You may think it is your everyday sports bar but it is FAR from that. They have the most delicious menu, from pizzas to signature burgers and salads to amazing wraps and sandwiches. Food and drink specials every day. The owners and managers Jen O'Donnell and Don Stremme are amazing. They have a badass patio with tons of TVs, perfect for game days or happy hour. Your puppy can even hang with you on the patio, they'll bring him/her a bowl of water too :) Oh, AND a brunch on the weekends that is BOMB. Trust me. If you've never tried it, stop what you're doing and get in there. You won't be disappointed !

5
0
SMpL3z4FLF07bRA6-y22JQ
Food is always yummy! Service is always great. Water never runs empty. Not THE best Pad Thai I've ever had, but it is good :) would recommend giving it a shot when in Old Town.

4
0
sgc5cOJVTsYU6aiuy8afhQ
I wish that I could give this joke of an urgent care less than 1 star. Carrie the PA came in and "diagnosed" based off of the few things I had circled on the sheet I filled out on my entry paperwork. She barely asked me two questions. One being "are you a smoker?". Gave me the worlds fastest exam and determined that since I didn't have a fever (even though I told her I had taken two Alieve a few hours prior) that I was fine. I get strep about 2 times a year, I know my body. As I was trying to ask her further questions because she had barely spent any time with me, she immediately got loud and started bobbing her head with her hand in the air pretty much telling me I didn't know what I was talking about. I even went out of my way to ask if maybe she was having a bad day to which she responded, "no, and I have a medical degree and you do not!" (Really!? Because if I did I definitely would t be here!) All I wanted was to be looked at and listened to and I have never had a "Doctor" listen to me less! And like I said, I have a poor immune system and am sick a lot. Absolutely ridiculous.

1
0
