o2fMfJCU6Og_cFkFFMPhrg
MItBw-JgGp-1IlpRxzjXWA
Freaky Fast? More like F king Horrible.  I ordered delivery from this JJ a few weeks ago: it took over 40 min to receive my order, I had to call twice, and the only thing the "manager" on shift had to say was, "I can cancel your order, or you can just wait for your food." I was pissed, didnt order for weeks, but tonight I needed dinner, didnt want to leave the house, and cant eat a whole pizza by myself, so I made the mistake of giving these guys another shot. This time, it took nearly 30min for my order to get here. I called the store and spoke to the same rude and unhelpful "manager" Joclyn. Her attitude and unsympathetic replies clearly show that delivery is a common issue with them. When I asked why more hasnt been done to fix this issue, which clearly isnt a one time problem, she restorted "I cant do anything if a driver doesnt show up, feel me?"  --- For real? What a pathetic cop-out. As a manager, there are MANY things you can do to ensure your store an uphold your brands claim to fame. 20min, 30min, 40min, is NOT freaky fast. Its slow and sloth-like. Im surprised this place is still in business. They are giving the Jimmy Johns brand a TERRIBLE reputation.  Mesa, Az, Baseline & Country Club

1
0
Xq9tkiHhyN_aBFswFeGLvA
The first impression was remarkably bad due to the unfortunate actions/attitude of one hostess, but thankfully the evening took a dramatic turn around. The manager, Rachel, was fantastic and made great effort to ensure our experience improved. Our waitress, Celcile, was extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and never let a drink go dry. I was extremely impressed with them both. Even the lady who sat us,  Sarah, was very kind and helpful.  The food is on a level of its own. As a party of five we shared the Butchers Choice platter n it was delicious. Id recommend ordering two for a party of six or more. All of our entres were cooked perfectly (chicken stuffed crab highly recommended). The salted caramel pudding was to die for.  Thank you Rachel and Cecile for turning the night around, we will definitely be back!  Victoria

5
0
