o5SUBkECOfFrkvBpqDxLtw
-F3sTUxyHpSwWeMiV0RaPQ
We brought home a puppy from the shelter 8 days ago with a respiratory infection. She was on medication for a few days, and then in less than two days' time, she got very worse.   We rushed Milly to this location at 3AM last night. She was in a lot of pain and had the hardest time breathing. The staff members were friendly for the most part and pretty knowledgeable. They wanted to hospitalize Milly for a few days to run some tests on anemia, tick diseases, and other various long-term potential health issues. We were quoted that the treatment plan may range from about $4-5,000. We don't have that kind of money. We decided that these tests could wait until the morning - we just wanted to get her breathing normal, and if she had anemia or something long-term that our day vet could help us for a fraction of the price in the morning. We accepted some antibiotics and a fluid injection, because a few hundred dollars was the most we could spend at the time. They kindly gave us some recommendations for at-home remedies as well.  Milly passed away later in the night. We took care of her most of the night to the best of our abilities. Even if we had known that she would pass away so soon, there was no way that we could have afforded to have her hospitalized. I just wish that we could have done something to help her immediately, instead of spending thousands on the unknown.

2
0
NIhU6hRAjGQyzPMds5lkSg
I love this place. I usually call ahead for pickup, and order the greek salad with gyro meat. So yummy!  It's too bad that the place is so slow. If it were in a more populated area of Riverview, no doubt they'd be a lot busier.

5
0
8z6So-uKgZf4a4LOf3pPKg
I have never been so disgusted by people that were supposed to be doing my pet and me such a good service.  When I was at the vet's office in Scottsdale one week ago, I was talked into signing up for the Wellness plan. I had to tell about three different people that I would agree to it when all of them asked in between the vet coming in. I was told that the visit for the day and the vaccination my dog needed were all going to be covered under the first payment, so I agreed to it all. One lady came in and had me sign the billing statement, but had charged me for the vaccination and visit. After I commented, again, that I was signing up for the plan, she removed the charge for the vaccination. I didn't say anything about the charge for the visit because I figured that maybe I was wrong and it was not included. After everyone coming in and out a couple more times, the vet finally came back with my dog and said that we were all set.  Between all of the people that I had talked to and having a puppy jumping around, it didn't even occur to me that they had not received my payment information... So I walked out, waving goodbye to the receptionist. I later received a phone message letting me know that they had not received my payment information and asking me to pay in the store because apparently there was something that I had to sign. Unfortunately, I didn't get the phone message until a few days later (my phone doesn't notify me of voicemail when it is off), but I went into the store on my very next day off, one week later. By then it had already been sent to their collections department - I guess that was okay because they were very friendly and removed my hold when I payed the bill.  The problem was, however, that because it was sent to collections, I was charged for the vaccination AND the visit: charges that I only agreed to because I was under the impression that I was getting a whole medical plan for my pet with the fees that I was paying. Sure, I accept responsibility that I didn't realize I had not paid. That was an error on my part and maybe a dumb moment, assuming for some reason that they had my payment information on file or whatever. But I am a very honest person and I went to pay the money that I owed as soon as I could. But still, I had to pay over twice as much as I wanted to agree to? This is ridiculous. I would have signed my dog up for the wellness plan for her life - I LOVED the idea of stopping by and PetSmart whenever it was convenient for me and it would all be taken care of on the plan.  I hope it was worth the assumption that I was stealing.

1
0
