o8L_FCA9rA3JN9zE4hoYbA
NkbbmA408fddM01ZzRkZOg
I'm not a mani/pedi snob.  In the past, I've pretty much just picked whatever was convenient, but I needed a decent job done for a costume I was putting on, and Magen Nail was more than happy to help.  I was immediately greeted when I entered, even though the entire staff was busy.  I put my name on the list and was in the pedi-spa within minutes.    The nail tech wasn't terribly talkative, but I can be anti-social when I'm in a new place, so I enjoyed having the time to catch up on the news through my iPhone.  She was quick and efficient, and before long sent me over to get my manicure.  He was also very deft in his work, and I was out an hour later with a much better set of nails.  Thanks Magen!  I will definitely be coming back.

5
0
lUsTQ3hOOcSS1mngqeFKAA
When I first walked in, I had very high hopes.  The weather was perfect, and the outdoor patio was very inviting.  Self-service coffee, tea, and lemonade are an interesting concept, though given that this is a venue, I think they could do a little better than red Coleman coolers for ice.  Felt a little too backyard-BBQ.  The red and white gingham tablecloths increase this perception.  All of this would be fairly easy to overlook if the table service was anything other than abysmal.  The host dropped us off at our table, gave us the specials so fast that I didn't even hear anything other than "bacon waffle".  I decided on the Croque Mad "Ham" and my friend wanted blueberry pancakes.  However, it was TWENTY MINUTES before we even knew who our server was, and we certainly didn't see any milling around outside long enough to get their attention.  A table that was seated at the same time decided to leave, and we were about to do the same when our waiter finally appeared.  I made it clear to him that a 20 minute wait was unacceptable, but he just said "I've got, like, six tables" as if that explained anything to the two of us.  Both of us are restaurant industry veterans and know that if you can't do six tables in your sleep, you'll never survive as a waiter.  Our food arrived within a far more acceptable time period...maybe 10 minutes.  My friend's pancakes looked decent enough, but my dish was -- interesting.  A quick culinary lesson - a traditional croque-monsieur is basically a grilled ham and cheese sandwich.  To make it "madame", you add bechamel or hollandaise and a fried or poached egg.  This was a "Croque Mad 'Ham'", so I knew they were going to take some liberties, but what I got was something I would never serve to anyone.  On my plate, there were two slices of admittedly delicious french toast, a grilled piece of ham, two prefectly done sunny-side up eggs, and what must have been a full pint of thick, goopy, undercooked (I could taste flour) cheese sauce.  It covered everything but the egg yolks and a limp piece of parsley that had no business on the plate (inedible garnishes are a culinary crime).    Croque comes from the french "croquer" which means "crunch".   There wasn't anything crunchy about this dish.  We quickly paid our bill and left, saddened that the great brunch void in South Phoenix has yet to be filled.

2
0
