OCO-kHfY_KRVZa8QY6Z6SQ
a7OF5WBirAFlVH7Xp1885g
Unfortunately this store is the only grocer in the Arcadia area that isn't an AJ's and they know it.  I live a block away so I pretty much HAVE to shop here for convenience.   But for Petes sake!! Put some $$ into this place.  Aside from the cashiers, who are mostly very nice, the rest of the place is so sub-par.   Negatives: -Sandwich Deli - Horrible Customer Service - Very weak selection  -Butcher - Horrendous Selection - Nobody is ever at the counter.  (when you do get them to come out from behind, they are nice people)  -Overall aesthetics of the store are municipal considering its location.  -Why would you take out your ATM?  Twice I've gone in to get cash back and the cashiers don't have enough $$ in their registers.  Bring the damn ATM back!!!  Positive:  Great Beer / Wine selection   Bottom line is they have the Arcadia patrons by the balls and they know it.

1
0
WZNU4bQJJHr3p4SjnjVrkg
On a sunny hot day like it was on Saturday  it was refreshing to have two wonderful Top Golf associates take care of us. Michelle and Desiree were extremely hospitable and attentive. They had great patience with a big group of sweaty drunk fellas. It's not easy and they did it with smiles. We will definitely request them next time we come back.

5
0
j1Ii8r1H4AZ0FAbJAdk3Qw
First time there and loved it.  First I need to say that I am all about ambiance and vibe when it comes to liking a restaurant.  I like action, openness, colors, TVs, class and service.  This place had all of the above.  I only tried a limited selection of food but I hope to go back and try a lot more.  The guacamole and shishinto peppers were good but the Bacon Wrapped Dates were excellent.  What I liked most is the Atmosphere.  This place was well put together.  It was trendy but not smug. The service was excellent.  Having spent some time in the "Industry" myself, it was a joy to watch management helping out the servers running cocktails and taking drink orders if needed.  Well done guys. I will be back and hope to have a similar experience.

4
0
