Oe0E72zj5_TwhQLvO6lYEA
X68J8QNtNmWQBoZDNDuSSg
I regularly get a sandwich for lunch at the deli counter here, but I have to say that lately it has been a less than acceptable experience. The sandwiches of late are sub-par, the people that are making the sandwiches are not friendly, you can barely here them call your name out when your sandwich is ready and when it's ready they toss your sandwich up on a ledge above the desserts cooler that I can hardly reach. It seems as if they want to make it an unpleasant experience for you.   Recently, I have received the wrong kind of bread, twice, ordered a chicken salad sandwich that only had chicken salad on half of it and once I received a sandwich that had two GIANT pieces of lettuce on it that made the sandwich look 1 & 1/2x as big in the packaging. What a disappointment! Once recently I also ordered cheese on my sandwich, paid for cheese on my sandwich and returned to my office only to not find cheese on my sandwich. If the owner of this store is trying to skimp on ingredients to save money then, point well taken!   Also, the staff is not as friendly as they used to be and they act like they don't want human contact with anyone past the counter.  They seem to like chatting with one another, though. They rarely make eye contact with you and if they do they try to quickly answer a question and then turn away abruptly as if you are bothering them. Just a general cold, unwelcoming feeling from a previously warm, genuine, friendly place.   There used to be a lady at the deli counter who was very sweet and would always positively comment or compliment anyone who came to the deli counter. What a pleasant thing it was to take a break in my crazy day and encounter such a thoughtful being! It made my day just coming to get lunch!    My office is walking distance from this place and I know many of us get lunch here. I will be spreading the word of how the service and the sandwiches have dropped to an all time low and I will detail the accounts of my last few visits to them all!

2
0
Xsl-i1otDd3GXJEkkKJCaw
We lasted about 5 minutes in this place. One family walked out as we were getting there. They had been waiting an hour for their food. To start, the menus were dirty, there was a strange odor, and the tables and glasses didn't look so clean. Then the waitress came over, with a dirty, wet shirt, and she looked like we just said, "This is a stick up" when we asked if we could order drinks. She took our order, put our soup bowls on the table and left the room. The bowls she had put down had little bits of dirt caked on the inside. That was all it took. We made our apologies and left. Btw-Did I mention that after we left the place, it was completely empty. (Cue the whistling theme song to The Good, The Bad and The Ugly)

1
0
lRzoAhDhcyCeOGrWntXqsw
I admit, I'm a regular here. It's on my way home from work and they have taco specials on certain nights. Some things they just do better and more authentically than other Berto's. Lengua, Tripas, Machaca, Menudo. I just crave it! And they always remember me and if they think I might show up, they save my favorite for me because it's so good, it goes fast! fast! fast!!!!

4
0
5K5MkXSUn2GH8Rv6yYStBg
I met Trish and Mong for the first time a week before posting this. I had been looking for a new nail salon and I like to support new local, family owned businesses. I was tired of the unprofessional attitude I had gotten from several other salons, even ones that I frequented for over 2 years just because the nail tech had some decent skills. I won't name the salons, but there were a few in central Phoenix and a few up on W Bell Rd near Arrowhead that I tried. My nails quickly grew thin from too much grinding and none of my gel manicures lasted a full week. We're talking at least 6 different salons and 8 different nail techs! All saying the same things. "Your nails are thin," "you need to put acrylic the next time until they get thick," "I can't guarantee this will last" (when adding rhinestones), "we can only put 2 coats." What a load of crap!! My nails used to be thick! Even had one guy give me look when I asked for another coat, pretend to put the brush back in the bottle and swipe over my nails again?!?! (Yeah, I saw you! You should be embarrassed, you trainwreck of a nail tech!)The last time someone made my nails thin a good nail tech was able to restore them to their natural thickness with extra coats. Imagine.  Enter Trish and Mong: Oh happy day! Like I said, this was only my first experience there, but what pleasant people. Great conversation! They make you feel welcome. You don't feel like the friend of a friend who got invited to a party where everyone else knows each other. They show care and concern for your nails and offer suggestions to help and they actually do what they suggest if you agree. Trish OFFERED to put on extra coats without me asking. Amazing customer care!! My feet and hands felt pampered and it didn't look like I did my toes myself. I could tell right away that the quality of the work was well above recent previous experiences. So, I took a picture, waited week and took another. Aside from a little growth I think it would be very difficult for anyone to tell the difference, but what is obvious is there are no chips, crack lines or damage done to my cuticles even a week later.  Thank you Trish and Mong! I will definitely be  back!

5
0
