oFGnlftcDH8ueotFGlCR6w
LRpoyZt-3PbCEEbU7nkvwQ
Went in trying to get a standard car wash to clean the bird poop from my hood. 'Ricky' comes up to me in a green polo and tells me he can get me a free something if I hand him my card. Stupidly, I do. I wait up front for a couple of minutes before someone else walks up to me to figure out why I haven't done anything. I tell him the situation and he seriously looked genuinely confused. He tells me to park around the side and when I do, another guy is motioning me to pull forward into the wash line. I explain to him what is going on and he tells me to pull through the wash anyways and we will figure it out at the end. I put my car in neutral and I begin to get washed. After the thunderous air vents are done blasting the droplets of water off my cars body, an employee is motioning to me to drive off the lot. I tell him my situation for the third time today and he points at a man that is sitting down across the ways. That man was Ricky, on his phone, handling my card. It was a direct violation to be handling credit card information with your cell phone being present. PCI/PII violations can be costly, some ranging to 100,000 dollars in fines and fees. He scrambled to his feet and walked over to me with my card, a pen, my receipt, and his phone barely exposed out of his pant pocket. The cost was 15 dollars: 15 dollars for my suspicion to be raised, my decision to never go back to Cobblestone Auto Spa, and for the bird poop still on my fucking hood.

1
0
SeTv7EHkGQfpQXdyTViAcA
From the very beginning of our awesome experience here, we were greeted with warm smiles. This DENNYS is new and my girlfriend and I live right down the street and we wanted to hop on by since we love DENNYS. We were pleasantly surprised by how put together and modern this classic diner is. Everyone has said hi to my girlfriend and I and it seems so genuine; it's honestly refreshing. The food comes out and we were blown away! My chicken tenders and mozzarella sticks were spot on and my girlfriends fries and sandwich were perfect as well. And to top the entire thing off, we were given a complimentary bag of goodies for visiting so early in this DENNYS opening week. It was an awesome experience and this location has just bought two lifetime customers!

5
0
