OgnvWaCyl7YtWf94OalXPQ
3o5HRJ62sx2D2CmTSjVELw
Okay, okay. I know what you're thinking. You went to the Walmart. For an oil change. But let me explain.  I HATE spending money on my car. I want my car to get me from point A to point B and could care less about aesthetics and maintenance. I am told however, that routine oil changes are necessary to keep the car in working order.  After driving roughly 3,000 miles over the suggested change date on the helpful sticker, I decided it's probably time. This is where the Walmart comes in. You go to the Walmart for things you hate spending money on like Q-tips and socks and Chapstick. I should have known better.  The oil service was not busy. I waited for ten minutes outside to even be checked in. The woman told me it would be 45 minutes for the oil change. I figured I would go run some errands with my mom and pick it up later. I came back a few hours later. The oil service team seemed quite hostile, even though it was 30 minutes before closing time. The manger made passive aggressive comments about how they tried to call me and it's my responsibility to update my phone number in their system so that they can contact me in case they need me to sign some paperwork. Woops. They cancelled my oil service because I was not there. After politely telling them that I could come back if they were closing, they had me sign the forms and took my car in to be serviced. After another 20 minutes, they rang me out with a lot of hostile glaring and rudeness. YOU CAN'T BE BETTER THAN ME IF YOU WORK AT THE WALMART.   I will gladly pay the extra $20 at the Jiffy Lube to never experience that again.

1
0
KoIRdcIfh3XWxiCeV1BDmA
Taco Tuesday is my one of my main reasons for living. They have an amazing happy hour on Tuesday where tacos are $2 and house margaritas are $3.50. If you need a good place to be obnoxious and talk shit, this is the place as it is LOUD. During their rush, service can be kind of slow and you have to ask for free chips and salsa to be delivered to your table. (I am of the mind that all restaurants, Mexican food or no Mexican food, should serve free chips and salsa. But I digress.)   For the price and the location, you can't beat it. Thank you Cien Agaves for helping me tolerate the rest of  my work week after getting drunk on your extremely cheap and tasty margaritas on Tuesdays.

4
0
7wRpeQV6cqbx7qgEO94owA
If I die tonight, please make sure heaven looks just like this. Possibly add a wall of shoes in the back, but please make sure this is where it's at.   This location has the best inventory and the best people working there. They have EVERYTHING. Now, I saw a lot of comments about the sales people being overly helpful, but when navigating the world of thousands of beauty products, this is just what you need. They have tried everything and usually know their stuff. If you don't want to be helped with makeup, that's what the internet is for.   I spend hundreds of dollars in here every time I go and don't regret a dime. Ask for Tory, she's the best.

5
0
