oGzab3FQ5D8K2bp_2ESigQ
eK6KGMKqU_4nB9RdayZD7Q
This place is not even mediocre. Upon entering we were sat immediately, seeing as the restaurant wasn't all that busy. We were greeted at our seat pretty quickly and the server was friendly, and that is why I am giving this place two stars...it is definitely not for the food. Actually I take that partially back, the chips and salsa were good. The salsa was nice and spicy. I ordered the Mexican Pizza. It came on a thin tortilla with cheese, ground beef, onion, and a slice of green chili on each slice (I enjoyed the chili). I expect a Mexican Pizza to be thick and crunchy; however, this was flimsy and greasy. I couldn't even pick up a slice without it completely falling apart. In addition, I must have went through ten napkins trying to sop the grease from my hands. It was a little better when I piled salsa on top of each bite, but it was not something I would ever consider ordering again. My mom ordered the lunch special of two tacos with rice and beans. Now I cannot discuss the taste of her meal, because I didn't try it; however, the taco shells were just plain, out of the box hard corn taco shells. I've never understood why a Mexican restaurant wouldn't spend more time on the things that make Mexican restaurants great. Tortillas are amazing. I love them, and I think the majority of people feel the same way. This is why I cannot stand to see a boxed taco shell in a Mexican restaurant. I've made homemade taco shells at home in the past, and it is not hard. This one little thing would improve this place immensely. The service here was pretty good, but the food left a lot to be desired.

2
0
aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw
Lux has some of the best espresso I have ever had the opportunity to slurp.  However, I'm sucker for the hip atmosphere and good indie music.  What I'm saying is, even if the coffee was not top notch I would probably still visit.  I know people make fun of hipsters who sit around on their laptops and write wrist slashing poetry, but there is just something about the atmosphere here that helps me think a bit clearer.  Like I said earlier, this isn't just a hip place to sit.  The coffee here is splendid, and the froth designs on the top are always a welcome addition to my the rich coffee goodness.  It is expensive so I don't go everyday like some of Lux's more affluent customers, but luckily Lux sells their espresso for me to take home and brew myself.  After I brew a couple shots, I sit at my dining room table, blast some indie music, put on my black framed glasses, read a Chuck Palahniuk book, and think about how cool I am.

5
0
HQFscafV3wi5z4yOKdUGRg
This place is a greasy spoon, and I love it.  When I walked in the door I knew that it was my kind of place.  I thought to myself, "Feels good to mingle with these laid back country folk."  It has the atmosphere of a small town diner.  I actually forgot for a moment that I was in the heart of one of the biggest cities in the United States.  The food is top notch too. For whatever reason I enjoy my lunch and dinners to be a bit gourmet, but my breafast to be greasy and simple.  I got three pancakes, three eggs, 2 pieces of sausage, and hashbrowns all for $6.25.  These days it's hard to find a deal like this.  I would recommend this place to people looking for a small town diner feel, tasty food, and good prices.

4
0
