OKlDuQQQ1f7xL3f1oe14DA
MwmXm48K2g2oTRe7XmssFw
Most disappoint Museum experience ever.  I was really looking forward to going here and the disappointment started from buying my admissions ticket. First: Zero customer service a very rude and curt girl, who sold me my admissions ticket, was my first contact with the museum.  Second, they had three, yes three exhibits.  Really I'm paying $19 dollars to see some half baked exhibits that don't really educate or immerse the visitor?  I've never been to a museum where they had only three exhibits.  Okay maybe one museum had less than that, but it was free and I donated $2 just to help keep them around.    Third, even though I'm a child at heart and love an interactive museum as much as the next person this museum was way too geared for children.  Besides that the information presented was short and not in depth.  As a sort of topper to the whole experience when I was interacting with one of the exhibits a very rude employee decided to make me feel completely un-welcomed in the museum.  He said to me, "You know that is for 4 year olds?"  I immediately looked around looking for the sign that says you may not interact with this exhibit if you are over the age of 4.  The whole point of a museum is to educate and inform the visitors regardless of their age.  I could see maybe admonishing an adult who was hogging an exhibit stopping children from using it, but I was more than accommodating towards all the other guests there.  In short I wouldn't waste my money here.   Likely, unless you are a child under the age of 9, you probably wont get much out of it and even at that age you probably wont get much out of it.  Whoever is the curator or head of this museum really needs to have another look at whether they are actually providing a service to their patrons.  After this long complaint you may be wondering why I gave them two stars instead of just one.  The one saving grace was that the museum had at least some educational properties to it, although not that many.  It really was a glorified expensive playground, but at least there was some education incorporated into the exhibits.  So they didn't fail completely.

2
0
gCrOuXBiPxUZiXDU2rBLWg
Great service, well worth the price.  Amazing attention to detail.  They really treat you well here!

4
0
nol9V6ypimztEEsBofw-3g
I love this place.  I love having a dinner breakfast and this restaurant serves up the whole atmosphere of a quality dinner.   Super friendly staff.  My favorite thing was the biscuits.  Those things were so delicious I could have spent $20 just eating them.   The food was served hot and fast. All at a reasonable price. My one negative is their menus isn't as quite as expansive as I was expecting.   I do have to say the fact that my only complaint is their selection really speaks to the fact that I really enjoyed the restaurant.  I look forward to my next visit and highly recommend it to anyone in the area

5
0
