OMqlb9paqHOSOPGiVeL6Qg
Mmz8iWNfeXkp1dIP0FkTaw
pee.  this place smells like it.  the 2nd star is for Gina, because she's good.

2
0
aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw
The coffee here is honestly unbelievable.  Hands down the best coffee in the valley.  Lux would easily get 5 stars from me *if* they made a couple of simple additions.  1) a vegan pastry option.  I am not asking for 30 options, but a cookie would be nice!  and 2) another "creamer" option other than soy.  I like when places offer hemp, almond, or rice milk.  I just think its a nice option because some people have soy allergies/aversions.   Lux has the best coffee house atmosphere in the city.  Not snobby, but also not infiltrated by gutter punks.

4
0
DsT43yCvuhqYNcKXBhhaYg
I am happily abandoning my nail salon to come here.  They do a FANTASTIC job, their designs are A++.  My set is nice and thin, looks really natural, feels great, and doesn't have that sore "new set" feeling.  The prices are fair as well.  I am going to address the review below me and tell the reviewer that if you let nail techs wax your brows, you are an idiot, and their bad job is irrelevant, as nail techs are not licensed or trained to wax. You should be seeing an aesthetician for waxing, or at the very least a hairdresser.  You do realize that waxing removes the top layer of your skin and is a bacteriological hazard?  You let people who put a sign in their nail salon pull your skin off?  Your fault.  Do your research.  It is your responsibility to make sure that the licenses posted on the wall are current and include all of the services that you are paying the technician to perform.  You are lucky that the worst thing that happened is that your brows looked ugly.  They will grow back.  You could easily have ended up with your skin lifted and ended up with permanent scarring.  Get it together, girl.

5
0
tdcjXyFLMKAsvRhURNOkCg
Bad music, slow service, disgusting overpriced drinks, and annoying patrons.  Definitely wouldn't come back if someone paid me to. I can't even drink this margarita.

1
0
