OMWT-Z6OnJLcg44lCuDuhw
cKiTluWCfMQTdmFZIugoiQ
I needed a ride from Scottsdale to the PHX airport tonight, and randomly tried Ridesmart. Lucky for me, Benny (the owner) answered the phone and was able to come pick me up in a comfy white town car within 10 minutes. Benny got me to the airport quickly, safely and for $35 (same price I paid for a much less clean or pleasant cab this morning).  Benny also mentioned that he works with a couple other cars and drivers, so I can't speak to those. But I'd definitely try him again on a next trip.

4
0
TwxHMCcRdF_CQb_EZ6kPQQ
Service moves pretty slowly here, so I was hungry by the time our food arrived and was ready to dig into my big plate of gnocchi with lamb ragu. Imagine my surprise when, instead of settling on the table in front of me, the gnocchi went sailing to the floor, splattering the back of my cream colored shirt with red sauce along the way.  These things happen and I understand that. But I would have expected a real apology and some form of make good from our huffy waiter, who acted genuinely upset with me for being in the way of my falling food. So I waited for a new plate of gnocchi to arrive and enjoyed the group's company. After we paid our $1500 bill, I walked over to my waiter and quietly asked if there was anything he could do for my shirt.  Here I'm thinking maybe $80 towards a new shirt, a comped bottle of their mediocre house red or even $10 to get the shirt cleaned properly. Guess what I got? A towel with some soda water and a little more attitude.  This incident notwithstanding, we had a fine meal Canaletto. But overall I'd agree wholeheartedly with previous reviewers: the ambiance here is pretty good, the food here is fine, the service poor and overall the prices are about 3x what they should be for this experience. If you're going to drop $100 or more per person for dinner, there are dozens of great options to choose from in Vegas... and I just can't see putting this place on the list.

2
0
FgGzepxrqNEE5NWjL-HodQ
This is the most self-inflicted adrenaline I've felt since bungee jumping.  First, let me say that guns scare the crap out of me. I don't even like being near a police officer with a holstered weapon... so walking into a shop full of assault rifles is like my adult version of a horror movie.  Still, I was with 5 other guys who were up for the adventure, so I got hold of my nerves and jumped into the breach.  We paid $110 each for some version of a party package that gave each of us the chance to shoot (a) a clip full on each of 4 different machine guns and (b) 2 rounds from a 50 caliber desert eagle handgun. For all those boys (and girls) out there who grew up with plastic guns or even shooting a rifle out somewhere at a range, it's fair to say that this is in a whole different league.  For the machine guns, we chose the Uzi, Mac-10, M-5 and Grease Gun. The M-5 and Grease Gun were scarily easy and accurate to shoot, whereas the Uzi and Mac-10 felt a bit more wild but were fun just because they show up so often in the gangster movies.  The Desert Eagle handgun was intense. I'm not a big guy, so this thing felt like I could barely hang onto it. Still, we were able to shoot it with remarkable accuracy and the whole thing just served as a good reminder that it's awfully easy to kill people with guns.  Let me also give credit where it's due to the guys who run this place. When I first heard about shooting machine guns in Vegas, I started to imagine a bunch of drunk guys all standing next to one another with loaded weapons and well, the potential for very bad things. That is not what really happens here. On the Saturday we were in, the Center was staffed by four very friendly but experienced ex-servicemen who make it clear that they have been around the block a few times. Out on the range, we were only with our 6 friends and we were accompanied by two staff members, one of whom is assigned to each weapon. They also stand right behind the the active weapon with a hand up, in a gesture that's comforting to both the shooter and those around him.    I think it would be easy and probably natural for the staff here to look down on us yuppie types from NY and SF, but we never felt that. To me that in itself was impressive.  And last but not least, Dave, the guy who I'd guess to be the owner, regaled us with his personal stories shooting each of these weapons in active duty (e.g., "Oh, you think that 50 caliber is loud in there? One time I was being chased down an alleyway in Sierra Leone when...")    In any event, this is a fantastic option for those looking to branch beyond the casino while in Vegas. So head on in and hear the rest of Dave's stories for yourself.

5
0
