otOAV5myz6pu2aHpPga6RA
3n9mSKySEv3G03YjcU-YOQ
Met some friends at Postino last night. I was a late arrival to the tail end of a party. They arrived at 4:00 and I arrived about 6:30.  I ordered food and drink and asked to pay separately. I was told that I could not because it was a big group. I explained that the party was essentially over and I should have a separate bill. The waitress condensendingly told me no. So I said I would pay cash and have no tab. She quotes me an amount that included a 20% gratuity. I paid the cash. My friends then recieve a bill with my food and drink on it. They have a total bill less "cash contributions" from the others who have paid their share. Yet the bill is more than their share. And the bill includes a 20% gratuity. They asked for an accounting of it and were told they did not know who paid for what. I asked for a manager and explained that my order should not have been on the bill because I paid cash separately. He said she was his best waitress. Really?  I am talking about the bill and accounting practices and inflexibility. He stayed focused on how good the waitress was. Very frustrating. And oh, by the way, I ordered by drinks and food from 2 other staff members...not the best, unavailable waitress. I flagged down another staff member to send a message to the manager that I am a Yelper.  Manager came back  a  gift card of an undisclosed amount. Now, he was willing to listen to the fact that their accounting/billing practices were poor and that patrons should have the right to know the breakdown of the bill and what they are paying for.  I gave the card to my friends who were the ones ripped off. I still don't know what amount I gave them but hope its more than $5.00.  An unhappy Friday happy hour at the end of a long week.

1
0
SXVI_RMuNWEoXDXlgtRfiw
Great mediterranean food. Varied and good wine list.  Owners greet you coming and going. Servers are very attentive.  Loved the variety of seating options (bar, restaurant, private room) with wine bar atmosphere. Great wine/bar restaurant in an unticipated location.  So happy to have found another great dining option in Mesa!

5
0
