ouIz-FCbbcPRDPrVqw5FKQ
2jW8AKIse9rtPDy8oKq5bA
I'm very very disappointed in the service HIGHLAND AT SPECTRUM gave me and my family. Don't get me wrong at one point we were really excited to move from our $1500 apartment in San Privada so a comfortable $1000. Our tour person was named Pam, she seemed to not be as excited as we were. But that's besides the point.   We were ready, we signed the papers paid a ridiculous $554 deposit....did I say $554 deposit and non-refundable. A ganky place like the highlands obviously need to charge their potential tennants this much because seemingly enough their business module sucks. So I signed the papers got ready to pack our things and we get a call from Pam saying our apartment was off the market...obviously my reaction of me and my wife was more confused like how did we "lose" or apartment when we paid $554 to save it. Pam said she has been contacting us but we never received a call.   So Since we were pressed for time we asked if there was another available apartment within the week otherwise we would have no place to go. Pam said no. We ask for our "non-refundable" deposit. Pam also said no. The reason why we were not going to get t back was because they were waiting for our PAY STUBS.....our pay stubs?!?! No please tell me you would not be upset that your apartment that you wanted was forfeited because you didn't give pay stubs! No way. She never called and didn't even want to work with us.   I am SO done with this place. For them to steal $554 because of dumm pay stubs is ridiculous. Yea yea, I signed an agreement but they can't even accommodate or have the nerve to let us know that if we don't give "PAY STUBS" you will lose and forfeit the money and the apartment.   This place is a total rip off. San Privada, and other Mark Taylor apartments would never do anything like this. They will give you your money back if you do not find an apartment.   My wife and I are in the process of legal action if thr money is not being processed to us. Stay away from this place. This place has one of the worst compliments I have seen, and I should of known better to come here. I wanted to give this place a shot, but I was wronged. They need to change how they run business, because although legally they are right they do not have the best interest of their tennants. These people are scum, distasteful and knowing they can sleep at night stealing $554 from a family is disgusting.

1
0
mhQCxOiqp03qnhGRTtPduw
The owner is what makes this place POPPING! Down to earth people and no bs. I'm from California and I'm very meticulant on the type of pho I go to. This is by far THEE BEAT OR EVEN BETTER THEN CALIFORNIA! Try this out .   The only negatives is probably that it gets busy at night...they probably need to make it bigger!!

5
0
WiLwAI9MVfIEfD_a2snf2w
These guys are friendly! I been here once for a friends birthday all I can say is great food, great service!

4
0
