oujxvefWqX3GedNgEkYE-Q
Qxgecwyn0cy5ZgyUF2urxg
Pros: The coffee here is great, no question about that. The service people are amazingly friendly. This place is a great place to go for homework when Cartel or Royal are waaaay too busy. The atmosphere, again friendly, is not loud, and the music is not disagreeable (mainly classic rock/pop). Their coffee machines are top of the line, I assume this is because they also sell coffee equipment here, so they have access to the best of their stock. Their Wi-Fi is dependable. Coffee prices are phenomenal, and I haven't had a bad cup of coffee here (plus, they have A LOT of choices)  Cons: There are enough plugs for laptops, but they're in weird locations which require those sitting in tables to manuever around other patrons. The decor has a suburb feel (this can be a pro or a con depending on the clientele - not exactly modern or contemporary): It has a mid-2000s, California-Tuscan feel reminiscent of suburb coffee shops (personally I enjoy this, because the contemporary fluff of many coffee shops these days tend to be too distracting--but others may disagree). Location can be a bit of a problem, but it's out of the way nature is pleasant and helps keep it quiet. Tables aren't large enough for group study sessions (but I rarely do that as a student). My main disagreement is that it closes too early, but that's understandable as to why they would close at 6pm.  My hopes: That they expand and market to more students who live in the apartment complexes near by.  I come here anytime I need to study for an exam, as I am not bothered by loud noises AND I get a great cup of coffee.  All in all, I recommend this place to others as a place that doesn't require the high fees of parking for the library, access to good internet and coffee, and a great staff. Keep it up, and I hope this business keeps on doing well.

5
0
WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ
Came here about a week ago. Server was a bit of a jackass, but I didn't think much of it. I ordered the Deconstructed Swordfish Tacos. Swordfish was dry and over cooked, and served on a pound of cole slaw (I'm not even kidding about the amount). Outside of the actual cooking, the preparation was just kind of bland. My wife had the Vigan, and we shared the Cheesy Tater Tots. Everything formed a kind of lifeless ambiguity of flavor. Their Jalapeño Créme was seriously just green sour cream. I've had much better food elsewhere. The price was not worth the uninspired dishes.

2
0
SGrwpoGhLrHrBLWDwOL6eg
Really bad service. I was waiting for over 20 minutes, and none of the servers even glanced towards our table. The place was not busy by any means.  Really poor selection of moonshine and too high of prices for it. It's definitely a bar for people who are into the idea of moonshine as novel. Save your money and go to a liquor store and find moonshine for between $10-$25.   The atmosphere is okay.

1
0
