OW_Eh1DsEnlTWALBC1xCHw
k6Si433-EJrY4J7SZxsnjA
Ate here for the first time this weekend. First of the 95+ degree weather and we saw misters on their patio! DONE! It was nice and breezy and with the water mist we felt relaxed  eating outside.   I have to give props to our server who was taking orders AND cooking, I believe he was the owner.   The food was delicious, I got the calzone (all cheese) the $5 sangria was great, after 1 glass I walked away a little tipsy. Perfect after noon lunch place!

4
0
OLsVfrlD7WtNnnv3dapnSw
I wouldn't write a negative review on a place unless I have had bad service more than once- which I have.   1st time: I have an eBay account so I print all my postage online through them and I get the flat rate packaging at the post office and mail out. So my first experience there I had my printed out postage and packaged my item up and asked for tape- they said "we do not give out tape" as i am looking at the huge roll of priority tape on his desk i ask " i'm shipping this priority and i need tape to put on my label" he rudely let me know that it doesn't matter i have to buy my own tape ( $4 from them) or bring my own. I have never had this happen to me at any other USPS store, not sure why it happened now.. I had to leave to go get tape from my own house and the man said nothing, didn't want to help me.  Second: Another time, I came in with everything all packaged at home since I was not using a flat rate box and ask the man to give me the cheapest shipping, he gave me the fastest, I quickly corrected him since i didn't want to pay $15 to ship a small box and he let me know that USPS was prob. going to go out of business this year and they need all they can get. I would hate to all the people working to lose their job but HELLO, I'm there using their services, paying money. Don't make me feel guilty for not wanting to pay more than I need because of the failing business.  Third: Then today,  I go in with MY OWN TAPE to send out a new item and they do not have any of the flat rate envelopes which i would assume are supposed to always be in stock. I asked the woman behind the counter if they had any in the back and she said "nope, haven't gotten them in months" that's it, no alternatives no additional help. I just walked out and I will be switching to UPS from now on. no wonder the post office is going out of business, their face to face customer service SUCKS!  ** I do want to point out it is the OFFICE I am speaking of not my local Post Man- he's great!!

1
0
