p0hhBagcZKRx6j_5hApNHQ
zXg2O_QnpHQVD7e1azAu_w
When I was still living in Arizona, I visited this place regularly. Their tortillas are amazing and their salsa is to die for. If you like Americanized Mexican food and you are a salsa fan, absolutely go here. I now have to go to great lengths to transport their salsa to Ohio.  I particularly enjoy their bean burritos. My boyfriend wants to marry their Borracho Burrito (beware of the resulting farts, though).

5
0
S-UqKGLS1GZ-utdVOmFIww
I saw Dr. Janet Pragit at the Mesa/Chandler location. I had seen her a few times for random check-ups, but since I have always been extremely healthy-- I'm a normal weight, and have no medical reason to see a doctor-- I didn't really ever need to visit the doctor.   Well, one time, I came in because I was having sudden digestion and fatigue problems and I told her about my various symptoms.  Dr. Pragit, after listening to my symptoms, told me that my issue was that I was eating too many carbs. My bloating, bleeding, sudden fatigue, and other symptoms that no one wants to hear about were due to overconsumption of carbs according to her. I'm not sure how she came up with the idea that I overeat carbs (the bloodwork showed no issues other than low Vitamin D and, again, I am a healthy weight), but she was sure of it and gave me a list of foods to avoid. I wasn't satisfied with this "diagnosis", so I asked to see a specialist. She told me she wouldn't write a referral because I needed to try her diet first for at least a month. This made me furious.  I fought with my insurance and did eventually get a referral to a GI doctor without Dr. Pragit's help. When I met with the GI doctor, he was very concerned with my symptoms and he said it was unlikely that overeating carbs was the issue. After a few tests over the span of a couple months, my GI doctor found out I have Chron's Disease. If I had just pressed on with the diagnosis of "overconsumption of carbs" as Dr. Pragit suggested and followed her vague diet plan, my disease would have just further progressed.  While I appreciate Dr. Pragit's speculation of my diet habits, when a suddenly moderately active person with no history of health issues comes into your office complaining of odd, serious symptoms that are altering normal patient behavior and functioning, maybe don't tell them that they're eating the wrong foods and tell them that dieting is the solution. While dieting probably wouldn't have hurt me, there was clearly something else wrong. Healthy, active people don't suddenly feel like they have a boulder in their stomach all the time and start sleeping 12+ hours a day.  May I suggest actually trying to help them, and possibly sending them to a specialist after they specifically request one?

1
0
