P_77UzRybw5mt4K10xnR1A
Y-9dJvw-J2d9QKfuL7mKgA
Our first time here and service was horrible. Only two servers for the entire restaurant and it was very busy. When we finally received it, the food was good, but my friend's eggs were lukewarm at best. Coffee was never refilled, cream was never brought, and had to ask for water twice before it was refilled. Probably won't come here again. Waiting to see how long it will take to get our check.

2
0
nts2OALwvyvfNh9focRZ3w
Took a friend here for breakfast. She had the chilaquiles and I had an omelette. It was absolutely delicious. The crispy bacon, diced tomatoes, and cheddar cheese in my omelette were totally yummy. My friend's chilaquile was really crispy, covered in green sauce and a fried egg. I only gave it 4 stars because I went back a few days later and the food was less stellar.  But still good. I will try to go back during lunch.  The burger looked amazing!

4
0
4O0wiASnDa56Clna0PG65w
LOVE LOVE LOVE THE SCOOP!!! Best ice cream in the valley! Just reading the reviews makes me want to run over and get another treat! Wonderful shakes, the shaved ice is to die for, but my fave is the waffle cone loaded with Laveen Concrete...wait, no Cookies & Cream...no..Pecan Praline....It's all delicious!   Best business in the Laveen community - wonderful family and great place to hang out with friends.

5
0
uOcqOnMHLpoVVNx2VNhlNQ
We read all the reviews, were in the area so we thought we'd try it. We started with the breaded panko mozzarella. It was very thick so that the cheese did not completely melt. Pretty bland with little flavor. The marinara was good though. I ordered the sliders since I read so many good reviews on them and my husband ordered the lasagna. Our salad was all lettuce and four little diced tomatoes in the corners. The dressing was flavorful but I would have liked some Parmesan or something. Our meals came and the lasagna was lukewarm. We sent it back to the kitchen and it came back a few minutes later... Same piece of lasagna. They must have microwaved it which is completely tacky. Sauce was bland and it was mostly cheese. My sliders were also disappointing. All I could taste was the burned charcoal flavor of the inside of the bread.  The server was wonderful however. She was super attentive, apologetic about the lukewarm meal, and quick to refill our drinks. Of course, there were only 2 other parties in the restaurant. Overall, food was bland and lukewarm, and my husband's rating is Blech.

1
0
