PbHVCz8E7xDXI3daFeVHEQ
yZ6t7vkPPNzBj-EPKMqaqA
I only knew this was the best salon when I was lured away by a chichi North Scottsdale salon that had all the bells and whistles, except my almost-to-the-length-I-wanted hair and nearly shoulder-length bangs now became an homage to Jennifer Anniston (circa Friends do). I wanted to speed to SnapDragon and beg their forgiveness for cheating.   Flash forward a few months and my thick, ethnic, wavy (just plain difficult) hair grew back enough to be ready for a fix. Sure enough, Michaela worked her magic. The layers are blended and virtually disappear into one another rather than remaining like a tiered cake.  Yes, their prices are a bit higher than other salons, but you get what you pay for. What is a few extra dollars spread out over a few months? I'll skip a Starbucks or two to have my hair looking nice every day for months!!!  ONLY other drawback is limited parking.  I echo many other reviews; owner Kandi (sp?) and Jenny are amazing with cut and color in every circumstance. Both perfectionists and always speaking the truth; if they don't think your hair is the type that will hold that color or be right for that cut, they'll tell you! I've overheard them talk to a client who wanted their jet black hair to be a blonde ombré (immediately) and a frizzy, curly girl to have a straight bob. Reality check given and happy clients remain!

5
0
Xq9tkiHhyN_aBFswFeGLvA
Pros: -Happy hour until 6 e/ a decent selection of appetizers -Soft pretzels + cheese fondue -Bruschetta  -Location!!! Sit on the patio and watch the hubbub of US Airways center  Cons: -Not a huge vegan/vegetarian selection -Entree items were just okay -No official kids menu/ not the kid-friendliest place

4
0
v9Ml5ZJ-DShVtZUlpdCrmQ
I don't think many parents climb with their kids. Or the employees. If they did, they would see clumps of dust bunnies in the corners and crevices and piles on top of the climber and netting. I'm not talking, "whoops...forgot to wipe the tv down a few weeks in a row after a dust storm came by my house WITH Windows that need replacing." I'm talking, "whoops, I haven't moved that piece of furniture from that corner since I moved in 5 years ago, did I?"   Sure enough, my son and I had an asthma and allergy attack. When I asked the manager about how often they clean, they claim to "blow out the dust" every Friday night. That would mean clumps of dust appear, coat, and settle bigger than anything I have seen in 4 days.   Also, kids are running and climbing with open snacks and candy leaving sticky messes all throughout the climber. I'm not talking about 1 random unsupervised kid, I'm talking about an entire bus or two full since we opted to go on a day a few camps let their 5 year olds loose.   Furthermore, if you are an adult that climbs with the kiddos be prepared for 2 to 6-year-olds climbing over you. That Annette so if it's no big deal and I certainly don't mind putting my foot down and telling a little one to wait their turn to not step on people when things get out of hand, however, I worry about them...those exact kiddos climbing over adults are also climbing over one another through very dark corridors and crevices. Lighting is terrible and no adult or employee is at the top making sure your kids aren't getting stepped on or falling. I rescued at least three children during the short hour we were there. Two of which were trying to climb up a ladder one was trying to go down. One was sweaty, panicked, hanging off a ledge and had been screaming for help for a while until I could actually see through the dark where this child was. Another one, an older child had pulled on my shirt to tell me her friend needed help and was stuck. Two out of three of these kids were campers, but if I were a mom that wanted to keep at least the corner of my eye on my kids, I think monitors would be ideal as well as better lighting. It terrifies me to think of what might've happened to that sweaty kid hanging off a little ledge at least 5 feet above the platform.  If you have allergies, a fear (or just slight hesitation) of germ infestations, consider capacity and weight limits not just more useless writing, and wonder when the last time any adult checked the safety (think loose bolts, weak knotting, sloping & dented climbing surfaces), this is NOT the place for you and your kiddos.

1
0
