Pey4vQKVFdBbI76Dzef1RA
GDwvyDgnUombMKvrVnqxvA
A large national group to which I belong recently stayed at the Radisson where this restaurant resides.   I personally stayed at the hotel for three nights.   During the first evening, a group of 6-8 of us decided to dine in this restaurant.   There were parts of our overall dining experience that were quite good--the bruschetta (as it was unusual--in a good way--from the typical that is normally served).   Most people at our table enjoyed there meals.   I am not one to really complain and really try to look at the bright side of all situations.  This dining experience, for me, was entirely different.   My dining experience was one-star at best.  I gave two stars to be fair to the establishment and the wait person as others did enjoy most of their meals.   Regarding my starter--I think I've had milk that was thicker in consistency than the watered-down, no taste, butternut squash soup.   For my main course, I ordered a cobb salad as it was late and I didn't want a terribly heavy meal. I waited....waited....and waited some more to the point where everyone had not only finished their main courses, but were embarrassed that I didn't have mine.  Clearly, the wait person did not place the order for this salad.  The story we heard was that the hard boiled egg on the "first" salad they prepared for me was overdone.   The salad that did arrive had a hard boiled egg that was absolutely runny--as if I was eating a sunnyside-up egg at breakfast.   I can tell you that it's the first time I've ever seen that served on a cobb salad.  To make a longer story short, there wasn't an apology nor any offer to make the situation right by the customer.  Instead, I received my bill and paid the full price.  I am thinking that I will never go back.

2
0
Q0tWheeEldwr0OKHTHB79g
Our small group of six found this establishment on Yelp while at a conference in Fountain Hills.    We were all surprised by just how good it was.   It would have been great to get there early enough to enjoy the fabulous sunset that I bet early diners witness from the phenomenal views from Vu's windows and outdoor seating.   I would love a restaurant like this to open near my home!   I enjoy eating a little bit of a few things, so I went for the small plates.   I had the lamb appetizer, and it was cooked to perfection!  I also shared the BLT salad with one of my table mates, and that was spectacular, too.   The service was friendly, but could have been slightly more on top of our table as the restaurant didn't seem very busy the evening we were there.   The owner (was not our server), was extremely friendly and fun.  Vu is on my "To Do" list the next time I am in Fountain Hills!

4
0
