phJJZcuaW-LKD8A1rn65fQ
UGAzFu-urmL2Hfm6Ry8YGg
This vet is amazing!!! I have been here several times with litters of kittens. The staff is always so so friendly and helpful, even the first time I came in they helped me bring everyone in from the car. Whenever I am running late, even by an hour or so they always try to accommodate me.   The kitties that chills in the lobby loves the bacon I bring for him, the best lobby cat you could ask for.   Dr hall is always so great with the animals, from stressed out nursing momma's to the tiny trouble makers, he takes his time and really connects with them. The staff/vet tech's are some of the best I have seen, I tend to over worry and be very protective and they always put me at ease, I can ask as many questions as I want. They are always willing to go the extra mile to help me and every exam is super through.   You can tell that they really do care for the animals, he always gives me great discounts on my bills (I think because I have sent so many friends his way) in the summer they always send me home with a cold bottle of h2o an a ice pack for the baby's.     Ohhh And the last time I came in, I left with a 5ft tall cat tree totally free!!! It's like a $150 brand new and that was the condition they gave it to me in!!!   My kitties and I truly love this vet!

5
0
mzVhCMNkndrgdZFqducydg
So it's rare that I leave comments on stores, an this is the first bad review I think, but this target really did it for me. I usually like to shop at target because it's a lot nicer then Walmart or other discount stores everything from the bathrooms to the price tags being readable not distorting the merchandise, an shopping bags rarely ripping on you.   TARGET AT TEMPE MARKET PLACE IS AWEFUL! 1-It's so hard to find anyone who can help you while shopping, the employees seem to not even care to try to help you. (Once I stood in the electronics dep holding the most expensive camera in my hand for 20 mins before someone finally came to ask if I needed help) If they don't know how or can't do it, your the one who has to ask for a superior employee or manager. And even they do not care to try to fix things. Unfortunately I believe a lot of this is due to hiring ASU students.   2-the few times I have returned or tried to exchange things, it takes 32mins at-least, then 2 of the 3 times doing this, they completely messed up and sent me home with the product I was trying to return, the first time was a ink cartridge and I didn't realize till I was back home.  3-They used to have a chase atm here, it still shows on my iPhone's map when I search for them, but they never bothered to update Google and Apple, or maybe chase banks that this atm was removed, let me also say that this WAS the ONLY chase atm at Tempe Market Place. When I've mentioned this to employees an management it is clear they have no interest in fixing it.   4-They must have a large problem with "tag switchers" because whenever I check out the clearance items, something I try to get wasn't really on sale. This is very frustrating when I do any budget shopping especially.  Oh wow I think I am going to stop here, 5-I didn't even mention being accused of shoplifting and when I allowed him to search me and recheck the videos. I was only apologized to by the officers not the managers, an I felt so sick by it i didn't even want the things I had bought anymore, I just wanted to return my whole purchase an go elsewhere.  NOT ALL GIRLS WITH PURSES STEAL!

1
0
