pIpj_lNedbfns1GzixXs-g
-EctXOb3B7T177jGYUhjVA
This place is awesome. Great atmosphere, great food a little pricey for pizza though but really don't mind. Less than a 1/10 of a mike from my house. Great place to stop in anytime. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is the attitudes of my servers could increase from a stoned appearance to a more upbeat one. This place is GREAT the staff should think so too.

4
0
xDdJ6CFxbJlUrRQUDW6Bcg
Walked in around 3:50 p.m. There were 3 people at the bar and 3 tables. I sat myself at a high top in the bar. I was greeted by a please tell looking woman who asked me if I would like to drink. She quickly got my water and NEVER asked or talked to me that entire time.   I've been a server and bartender for 12 years. I work at a dive bar much like Philly's; I love the atmosphere and the people that frequent these places. But this woman had an attitude like no other.   Granted I took notice she was busy handling to what looked like some managerial duties. However this is NO EXCUSE. she made eye contact with me at least 4 times while attending to other people sat at the bar and on the OPPOSITE side of the wall.   It took another woman coming in for her shift and me asking if I could order that I was taken care of.   It takes A LOT for me to even give a crap if someone is giving me bad service. But this woman went out of her way to do this. If I had to guess she saw a skateboard and a a man without gray hair and thought she wouldn't get a tip. I didn't take it out on the other server. I wanted my philly tipped $7.50 on $12 and left.   Usually I frequent the Philly's on the Scottsdale/Tempe boarder now I know why.  Guess this asinine bartender knows why she has weekday afternoon shifts too.   I love the food too much to be back. It's a shame because for as close as I live to this one I bring a lot of industry friends a long. I'll call to see if she's in next time and if she is well stick to pizza at boulders.

2
0
k3Pe7iL-QY7pg5kDHhujlQ
I've been a customer both at their new place and old. The new place is so awesome! So much bigger, lots more things to do, a great place to hang with friends. The employees knowledge base is exceptional and Bird (the owner) is always in to see his customers personally.  The prices are unbeatable around the valley as far as premium juice is concerned. None of that we'll make it here crap!  The new store has a HUGE inventory which is great. They are always willing to help with anything.  Free builds too when you're too lazy to do then yourself.  Great place. It's the only place I take my business.

5
0
