PMOSq9rZQr82wamFCcz-iw
eBslbGvlDI92ppOi6CnTDw
This place rates as a decent "place to park your carcass," but outside of that, it doesn't have many redeeming qualities.  It is an older hotel located behind a strip club.  The card readers in the door locks barely work.  It took me a dozen tries just to get into my room.  The breakfast is mediocre at best.  But thankfully there's a Waffle House next door, so don't even bother with the stale pastries and cereal.  If I had to spend more than eight hours in this hotel (and seven of those sleeping) I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  But as a place simply to spend the night, it'll suffice.

2
0
PmPOuRvuN3CoNOi1nBj_TQ
I told myself I would Yelp on every restaurant that I ate at on the course of this "road trip" I'm taking, so here goes.  We started off in the familiar territory of Phoenix, AZ.  Our "go to" spot in the northern suburbs of Phoenix used to be the Fish Market in Scottsdale, but since it "changed hands" so to speak, we've been on the look out for another destination.  Well... I think we found it in Pappadeaux.  Service:  5/5  The service we received at Pappadeaux was outstanding from the moment we arrived until the moment we left.  It was about 7:30 on a Friday evening when we got to the restaurant, and since we had been traveling, I did not have the opportunity to make reservations ahead of time.  The parking lot was VERY crowded and we were afraid of a long wait time.  But we were quoted 5-10 minutes when we arrived, and were seated after 7 minutes.  We got one of the few booths in the restaurant near the bar area.  Our waiter, Nate, was very attentive and helpful.  He pointed out some of their more famous dishes and the specials, some of which we ended up ordering.  He was prompt in refilling our water glasses when needed and even stopped a moment to chat with us about our 4-month old son.  The only small blemish I would mention is that dessert was a long time in coming.  It took about ten minutes after we ordered it.  Now I know they don't bake cheesecakes on the fly, so I'm unsure about the reason for the delay, but I thought in the interest of being complete that I would mention it.  Food:  5/5  Absolutely no complaints here.  Everything we ordered was outstanding.  My wife and I got the baked oyster trio and split a Greek salad for appetizers.  The salad was great and so were the oysters.  The salad is served table-side for that extra little touch.  If we were to order again though, I think we would have just gotten a full order of the Parmesan baked oysters instead of the trio.  For entrees, I ordered the special of the evening which was Salmon Diablo, a blackened salmon fillet with extra kick.  The only very minor complaint I would note is the sauce was a bit too much.  It was absolutely delicious, a mix of crab meat and butter and cream, but it overpowered the fish to a degree.  I ended up eating it separately.   As I said, delicious, but a bit much.  My wife ordered the lobster bisque and it was every bit as good as other reviewers have commented.  For dessert we split a carrot cake cheesecake.  I'm always on the look out for new and interesting desserts, and while I have had tons of cheesecakes, this was a combination I hadn't encountered before, so I had to give it a try.  The sweet potato pie also looked interesting, but we went with the cheesecake.  Aside from the delay mentioned above, no complaints here.  The cake was moist, flavorful, and delicious.  Overall Impressions:  5/5  The environment at Pappadeaux is exactly what you would expect.  They do a good job of bringing in that Cajun/creole atmosphere and balance an upscale look with a "down home" attitude.  You'll feel right at home here in your t-shirt and jeans, or in your business attire after a long day at the office.  The staff is very helpful and accommodating.    Overall if you are looking for a seafood or creole meal in the Phoenix area, I can heartily recommend Pappadeaux.

5
0
JRzrqJmsQ5AZ4bMQLUfyHg
On the way back home from our "little" road trip, we spent the night in Phoenix and found this little breakfast spot the next morning.  Considering that the hotel we choose did not have a breakfast, we needed an alternative and this fit the bill nicely.  I can say Crackers is a great little spot for a fulfilling breakfast.  Service:  4/5  We were seated promptly after arriving at the restaurant.  It was a Friday morning so it was not particularly crowded.  I would say it was about two-thirds full.  On a Saturday or a Sunday, I would imagine it would be a bit more crowded.  Our waitress was fine, although a bit slow when it came to keeping our water glasses full.  My wife and I are not coffee drinkers and so she had water and I had a hot tea.  There was always someone around with a coffee pot, but getting water was a little more tricky.  Other than that, no complaints.  Food:  4/5  I was trying to eat semi-healthy, so I ordered the oatmeal with a bran muffin.  The muffin was served warm and was excellent.  The oatmeal was a good consistency, something I am a bit picky about.  My wife ordered an omelet and was satisfied with the amount of filling in it.  We also shared an order of crepes.  Now I had never had crepes before so I can't compare them to anything I've had before, but they were good... crispy on the edges with fresh blackberries and whipped cream.  Overall, a satisfying, better than average meal.  Overall Impressions:  4/5  Crackers is a comfortable looking cafe.  I'm a little biased against restaurants that don't have booths right now as that is the easiest way for my wife and I to sit with our young son.  It's interesting the kinds of things you notice or care about when you have to account for a baby.  But other than that, the atmosphere at Crackers is very nice and hospitable.  I would definitely say that Crackers is superior to our usual trip to the Waffle House when we are visiting Phoenix.  I enjoy supporting locally owned and operated restaurants over chains whenever I can.

4
0
