PpGwxsj-6Tz7PFEeol7DDw
AqbgC7Gul5Es1rRzGNLDFA
Loved it since i had my first sprinkles in Beverly Hills! Too bad strawberry is only on selected days :(

4
0
NOuSa7Yy4yHYKDD0rNod9Q
Being a Tucson native, where I believe Zinburger first originated, we were frequent patrons to this trendy burger joint. I have tried most things on the menu and have my favorites. I was excited to hear that gilbert would be getting its own Zinburger and I praised its food with my friends who live in Gilbert.  However, this location does not meet expectations.  We came to the restaurant on a Thursday around 4pm, when we walked in we noticed there were a few tables but definitely not crowded yet with the dinner rush. Our wait time was 30 minutes. I looked around and said , "really?'  Luckily it wasn't too long until we were seated. As soon as we sat down, we asked for some lemons for our water. We then proceeded to order some fries and my friend a beer. We got out fries and ate them all and still had to ask for our lemons. The beer didn't come right away either; apparently it was given to the table next to us.  We could hear the gentleman at that table state, " This is not our beer, whose beer is this? " When they realized their mistake, they came over to our table apologized, and refilled our water (still no lemons). The waitress spilled water as she was refilling our cups and even spilled a little bit of the beer (she must be new or is terrible at serving). We then received our protein burger (no bun) and our two ahi tuna salads (my favorite).  My friend was disappointed in the 'protein burger'; it was more like a piece of lettuce and a piece of meat, not very special for being so high priced.  He had to eat it with a fork and knife when he expected the meat to be wrapped around the lettuce.  When the waitress asked how it was, he expressed his concern but left it alone because he didn't want to fuss. Halfway into our salads, she then brought the lemons and apologized that it was late due to it not being cut...... The salads, were, not what I expected from the other two Tucson locations. There was about two-three small pieces of ahi tuna and my friend had one two small pieces of avocado while I had maybe three. The salads seem to be a lot smaller portioned than any of the other locations. So overpriced for it being $14.00! I didn't mind paying that price when the salad was great and filling at the other locations, but both the ahi tuna salads we received that day was pretty disappointing. We probably wont come back to this location.

2
0
