PzmQupNEGn563I_qMOOmRw
hD3Vkgq7dCpkpr4AeQJzrg
They are awesome. Clean and professional office with friendly staff. The doctors are great. I went in for treatments due a kink in my neck and I was extremely impressed with the results. I have recommended them to my friends and family.

5
0
VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ
If I could give you NO stars I would. I went there on a thursday night at 9:15pm.  The tables were full but there were 5 seats at the bar. The hostess (manager) told me that it would be a 15min wait for the bar, seriously? there are five seats open! She then said that she had people waiting for the bar. Well, there was no one waiting and no one in the house next door. The problem is that people think it is OK to wait 3 hours for OK pizza and be rushed to finish because the media praises this place. There are many places in Phoenix that are better (Cibo) without the Hostess attitude. Your a pizza place not the French Laundry! And yes I have had the pizza, on 3 different occasions and it's not THAT good.  If you spent more time training your staff on customer service you might be able to open another location but my guess is that your afraid to.

1
0
xOlzK02DWzETeZ8HbiEB0A
I went to Praying Monk on Saturday night with my wife. I love the look of this place and it has a great atmosphere. The staff was very friendly and nice.  They did a great job making you feel welcome.   I am a Belgium beer fan so I was very happy too see their great selection on tap.  I had a St Bernardus ABT12 and my wife had the Triple Karmilet (our two favorites).  Now on to the food. We had the Brussels sprouts and the soft pretzel to start. The brussels were light and fresh (not heavy and oily like most places) and the pretzel was very tasty. It was served with some sort of mustard butter that was awesome.  For dinner I ordered the Burger. The burger was great. It was flavorful and juicy. The Sriracha Aioli had the right amount of heat to kick this burger up a notch and the arugula... arugula always has a place on my burgers!  My wife ordered the Kale salad. The Kale was extremely fresh and crunchy. I would want it chopped into smaller pieces but my wife loved it.  The dressing was great and they didn't over dress it.   Next time I go I will have to try the Lump crab.

4
0
