qB6BjrPfj9mBaHa6ByaWJg
eC7vBE9lMTrguz2SkIW3hQ
** Update** we have now discovered that Marie also took unauthorized photos and videos of our home and has posted multiple photos on her facebook page. We have threatened legal action if they are not taken down immediately. Almost everything she has said in her own 'review' of her own business below is a exaggeration as to what really happened. Again, I could not recommend her to anyone, this has been highly violating and stressful  I would not in any good conscience recommend Marie. We had her in to do a deep clean in 2014 that was great, so we had her back today with pretty terrible results. I asked her to come beforehand to give me a quote as I did not want her to do the full house and she usually quotes on sq footage. I was very specific about what I wanted her to clean, including light fixtures and blinds and cabinet fronts and a particularly stinky little boy bathroom. She quoted $225 and I agreed. I asked her how long it would take as I have small children and needed to find somewhere to go with them while the crew cleaned. She said 2.5-3 hrs. Halfway through the job today she texted me and said it was taking longer than she thought and would need $300. I said I have not budgeted for that and I thought it was a flat rate deal, not an hourly rate. We went back and forth for awhile and I agreed to pay her $260. She was gone before I arrived home, and we discovered the following: dirty blinds in almost every room (one side cleaned or not cleaned well), no light fixtures cleaned at all, the stinky bathroom still stinky, and a sentimental piece of crockery in the kitchen broken and thrown out in the trash bags left behind. I texted her and said I was now no longer happy to pay the extra and she asked to come back. She came back with one crew member and after texting me several times on the way here to say she was so insulted, arrived and also proceeded to say how insulting I was and she didn't understand what else she could possibly do, all on the verge of tears. She was very defensive about the broken item, even after I explained it was something that could not be replaced. It got very fraught and I finally asked her to leave and paid her $240. As the evening has gone on we see more and more where it was just subpar cleaning (sticky door handles, dirty walls etc). I'm just sick about it as this was a big expense that we had been waiting for awhile to do. We also realized they had left the house with all three main doors unlocked. I'm not sure how long it was before we got home, but it was at least an hour. I now have to find another cleaner to come finish up and hope they won't charge me another huge deep clean fee. I came on here to look at reviews and see the most recent one is an almost identical story to mine. I really would not recommend her.

1
0
VLwK1hiqIIYmuNhjfRC-Hw
I'm surprised by the poor reviews on here. I have been coming here for about 18 mo and initially as it was the closest one to my house. I never went anywhere else after. They are the only nail salon that gets rid of my calluses all the way. They also give an amazing 15 min head neck and shoulder reflexology massage with every pedicure. And their prices are inline with other salons in the area. I also have one friend who comes from Peoria and another from North Scottsdale to come here with me - it's that good. If you want a local, convenient place to drop in and get a pedi, this place is fantastic. I don't bother with anywhere else anymore. Thanks Lo Ann!

5
0
