QCMWsLL8mT6CGrXso06IrA
aQ9qHCd6OBIOvClTlnZrZg
One of the things Boyfriend and I try to do when we're on vacation is to find local restaurants to try out. I mean, what's the point of hitting up a chain restaurant we could easily find in our own town when there are usually awesome places to explore and local economies to support? We usually start by using Yelp to find places nearby that have good ratings, and this one came up first on the list.  We had some trouble finding the restaurant, which was really more down to Boyfriend's mistyping of the address into his GPS than the location of the building. It is in a bit of a strange place for a cafe, tucked in a fairly industrial neighborhood with very little other commercial property around, but I'm sure they make good money from the officefolk coming in for lunch breaks. Not a bad strategy, really.  All the non-vegetarians (meaning the three people there who weren't me) ordered Monte Cristos. If a restaurant serves one of those, you can pretty much bank on Boyfriend trying it at least once. I ordered an egg sandwich, myself, and when the owner heard I was a vegetarian he offered to add some extra vegetables to the sandwich so it wouldn't be boring.  The Montes were a big hit with everyone else, and based on the other reviews here, I'd say ordering one is a pretty safe bet. My egg sandwich was also delicious, and more than filling enough for breakfast. We liked the place so much that we came back two days later.  Two more Monte Cristos made their way into the bellies of my cohorts, including Boyfriend again. My sister's husband got a breakfast burrito, and I opted for a plate of French toast. When they say the French toast is big, they MEAN it. Three huge slices of Texas toast, dipped in batter and fried to golden perfection. It makes my mouth water just thinking about it. Again, everyone was pleased with their meals.  I was the only person who had coffee while we were there, and while I don't necessarily agree with the people who rave about it being the best in town, it was definitely not bad. I ordered it both days, which I wouldn't have done if I'd hated it.  As for the atmosphere, it's definitely a little more Team Jesus than I'd like. I'm not a huge fan of people using their businesses to promote their spiritual beliefs, no matter what religious text they choose to read, so being surrounded by Bible verses and crosses was a little bit uncomfortable for me. However, the good food balanced that out, and the owners were both super friendly and talkative, engaging us in conversation the first day and welcoming us warmly the second day. For good, veg-friendly food and nice people, I could probably put up with just about any decor.

4
0
7_zL7NX_rDFwhbLp98PwZg
I'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants. I will readily admit that.  In fact, I think this may be the first one I've reviewed. I've been to Olive Garden, Chili's, etc., but I've never given enough of a crap about my experiences there--good OR bad--to write about it. I'm only reviewing this one because it popped up on my list of places I'd been when I checked in on Yelp today, and I did have a pretty irritating experience there last month. So here we are.  We came to the Scottsdale Ra a couple of years ago when I was in town for my cousin's wedding. The experience wasn't bad, as I recall, but it also wasn't great. Overall, pretty forgettable. My sister and her husband seemed to really like it, though, so when we found out we'd be back in the area this spring, they wanted to be sure we ate here for lunch one day.  The vegetarian selections here are slim. And that's me being nice. There's edamame and a tofu appetizer, but those aren't really substantial enough to be considered a meal. The one "vegetarian" roll I saw came covered in eel sauce. I mentioned to the server that I was a veg and asked if the eel sauce actually contained real eel. His response?  "Yeah, but it's only like 4% eel. The rest is water and sugar. It's really good."  Well, thank goodness I'm only a 96% vegetarian, right? After explaining that ANY fish would be a nonstarter for me, I asked if the eel sauce could be left off.  "Do you just want it, like, on the side?"  No, person who clearly doesn't understand the concept of vegetarianism. I don't want any. At all. Ever. We finally got things figured out and he marked me down for a veggie tempura roll, minus the offending liquid fishparts.  So when the food came out covered in brown sauce, I was kinda surprised. I thought we'd covered that. The food runner, of course, had no idea, but as soon as the server saw it he realized the mistake and took it back. Which is to his credit, because at least he noticed. However, I did have to wait an extra fifteen minutes for my roll to come out while my travel companions started in on theirs.  When it did finally arrive--without sauce this time--my server also brought me a coupon for a free appetizer at any Ra location. There's one in our area here in Kansas, so I was at least vaguely interested in using it. However, upon closer inspection, I realized it was expired by about a month. Points for trying, I suppose.  I think next time I'll definitely suggest finding a local place to try, since having the resources of a large chain obviously doesn't mean the experience or the food will be anything to write home about.

2
0
_TekkyyFeX_8MBepPIxuTg
Arizona is hot. If that's your thing, great, but it ain't mine. I grew up in Powell, Wyoming, a little mountain valley town where winter lasts about nine months out of the year and you're lucky to get through it without getting snowed in at least once. I have never owned a pair of shorts as an adult, because I prefer to stick to climates where they're not needed. Unfortunately, sometimes visiting the people you love involves putting up with temperatures you don't, so when Boyfriend and I were killing an afternoon in the Mill Avenue district in Tempe and stumbled across Paletas Betty, I jumped at the chance to duck in someplace air conditioned for a cool, sweet treat.  Some people will probably balk at the idea of spending $3 on a popsicle. I, on the other hand, am very much a believer in the idea that you get what you pay for, and these pops are no exception. Betty uses fresh, natural ingredients to make her delicious frozen creations, with flavors ranging from standards like strawberry and lemon to unusual ones like Mexican hot chocolate (spiced with cinnamon!) and even chicken stock and peanut butter pops for your canine companion.  The personal touches to Betty's paletas, like the mold she uses to create a bite-shaped indentation in each pop and the peel-off stickers on her labels, add a bit of whimsy. As others have mentioned, the store was uncluttered, very clean, and brightly lit through huge windows facing the street.  Boyfriend and I sat at a table on the patio (which was refreshingly free of sticky goo--try finding a non-gross outdoor table at most frozen treat places!) and enjoyed people-watching while we munched on our paletas. As soon as the clerk got around to describing the spiced chocolate pop, I knew exactly what he was going to order. I went for the melon, a delicious combination of cantaloupe and basil that was amazingly refreshing after traipsing around shopping in the heat.   We had just eaten lunch at a local brewery and were in for a huge dinner that night with family, so I was glad that the pops could satisfy our jones for a little treat but didn't fill us up. We traded bites and each enjoyed the other's selection very much, although I can safely say Boyfriend would not have been up for a trade.  While I probably won't be making my way out there just to have another, I will readily admit that knowing I could stop in for a paleta here would make a trip back to America's oven much more tolerable.

5
0
