QWB5qd3H8J4FseZ6Dd76fQ
U7N4gLMPOmzOYDCdJmcyoA
This place is fantastic. I don't think I've eaten anything here that wasn't absolutely delicious.  The owner Tina has excellent customer service and she'll go out of her way to make sure you get exactly what you want.  I am so disappointed that this place is going to close!!!  (5/31/13) The baked goods are so fresh and Tina tries to use local  organic ingredients whenever she can. This will be a loss to Ahwatukee and to everyone who has enjoyed her yummy treats

5
0
x3R9cU8RCFhxQdL1SPNhZw
Now I love Chipotle....I've been to many indifferent states and I've always gotten consistently good food I can always rely on.  So when I thought I try a new location on the way home  I could not believe how disappointed I was about to be.  After watching the people in line order, I noticed the guy was putting 2 spoonfuls of rice on everyones burrito...now I know it's a filler but come on!!  So I asked him to go easy on the rice, which to him meant 1 heaping big spoonful followed by the tinyest portions of beans and meat.  You have to be kidding me.  So I asked for some more beans to which I got an incredible glare and probably what led to the even smaller amounts of meat.    Ok, if I hadn't sat down to eat there I may never have noticed what was to follow.  Every single man had HUGE portions in their burrito bowl as they took their meal to the table and every woman has small portions...interesting.  Just because I may not eat as much as some men, doesn't mean I don't like leftovers.    Sorry I guess this franchise has plenty of money coming in...they definitely don't need any of mine.

2
0
-vSU3hMbUKc2Pn9ov2ik_g
I really am sad that this place has turned out to be so bad.  My initial visit was so great I couldn't stop raving about my pedicure.  Tina really takes her time and  makes sure you get a good pedicure that lasts.  But this last visit was different.  Tina was still good, though this time the callous remover she used made my feet like sandpaper the next day and my polish chipped within a week, last time it lasted over a month.    What made the experience really bad was her sister who gave me a gel manicure...just horrible, I had the base coat all over my nail.  It lasted less than a week before it started peeling off.  It was probably because they suddenly started to busy, but that's not my problem, my manicure took 15 minutes and she started to do someone else as she was finishing up with no....it was definitely a no frills manicure with a big price tag.  $68 later...such a waste.  Won't be going back.  There are plenty of salons that will be happy with my money.

1
0
