R9_yt3znZVjaLP65ukqOxg
N2RtQLz2TiTpaMJoDoUpeA
When I first saw the sign for Sushi101, I was skeptical.  I thought, "this is WAY too close to ASU to be anything good.  With a name like Sushi 101, there is no way this is going to be legit".  Bottom line, I was wrong.  They pretty much always have happy hour and it's really really good.  While I have not tried all of their specialty rolls, I especially love their Vegas roll and their Red Dragon roll as well.  The only thing I don't really like is that the service can get really slow for no reason.  I was in there about 2 weeks ago and it took FOREVER to get our last roll.  Our server brought over a Vegas roll (which we hadn't ordered that time) twice and kept forgetting that we hadn't ordered it.  While we weren't in a hurry, it was just a little frustrating to have to wait about 15 minutes for one roll.  Overall, I definitely like this place a lot; I just can't say I would go there if I was in a hurry to get some good sushi then go.  For the happy hour prices and location, definitely worth it if you live down in Tempe and want to get some respectable sushi!

4
0
KO9CpaSPOoqm0iCWm5scmg
I absolutely LOVE Sandwich Club!!! I went for the first time about 2 or 3 days ago and could not stop thinking about the phenomenal roast beef sandwich I got!  A friend of mine had ordered some food over the phone from Daily Dose and went to go pick it up about 15 minutes later.  While he was walking up to DD, the owner of Sandwich Club invited him to come in and have a delicious sandwich.  My friend told him he was just headed to pick up some food at DD, but he would definitely be back the next day.  That's how we ended up there at first.  He got the Reuben, I got the roast beef and we went halvsies on each of them.  From the first bite, I knew I was in heaven.  It was seriously AMAZING!  I can't think of anything better than their blue cheese and garlic aioli on a soft baguette with generous roast beef and swiss cheese.  PHENOMENAL!  Today, I went back with my family and had an equally mind-blowing experience.  The owner and the other two people who work there were all very very friendly!  They have only been open for 4 months and I can't wait to take everyone I know there and tell everyone about this place!  The crêpes are the next thing I intend to try and I am way excited!

5
0
PwxvN0SnAGPdqXdNEYVT3g
I've never eaten there, but the drinks and service were really just "meh."  This was a backup choice when Lost Leaf was too packed to find a spot. In hindsight, it makes sense why Bliss had space.  I ordered two different beers on tap but was told they had "just kicked the keg" so I'd have to pick again-- and again.  The decor is neat though, I'll give them that.

2
0
