RBxMWmHgU0Q6hDXKuwRYoA
guLkdetJ603Bw_A6tuecIg
I went to the Henry for my birthday dinner with my husband and a few friends. We found out when we got there that it was restaurant week and there were some good deals to choose from on the restaurant week menu. Our waitress kept our glasses full and did a great job handling our excessive questions about the menu and drinks.   The drinks that came from I'm the bar were fantastic, a majority of the food was delicious, service was great. I would recommend the Henry to friends.  What I would suggest trying:   Cocktails- From the menu, Ole Kentucky and Texas Paloma were solid. Also had a mojito and it was just good.  Appetizers- Made to Order Guacamole and Smoked Norwegian Salmon  Entrees- Skuna Bay Salmon and Braised Short Rib (The Roasted Chicken wouldn't be a first choice)  Desserts: I tried the Lemon Meringue Tart and Warm Croissant Bread Pudding and didn't care for either of them.

4
0
BtLtTRjvAGcwxHWBqfB2Yw
Desoto market is a place I was going to love, until I stepped into the building and the decor with its "nod" to segregation decor made me feel like I'd time warped to the 1960s and I needed to make sure I didn't try to use the "Whites Only" fountain. That feeling didn't come initially, but me and my husband stopped at Desoto on a Saturday Morning. I was headed to study at the library and he was going to run errands so we figured we'd grab a cup of coffee and a bite to eat before starting the day.   There is plenty of parking available, which is a plus. The red brick of the building is beautiful and the glass outer walls allow natural light to flow in. It's abut confusing trying to figure out everything happening when you first walk in, so we decided to explore before ordering anything. There were vendors setting up for the day in the large space in the enter and only one of the restaurants was open for the morning, the other owners were just setting up for the day. We decided to walk around upstairs and when we got to the staircase by there was a sign that reminded me of segregation, but I told myself I was crazy and proceeded upstairs.   I arrived at the bathroom and since I was touring the building told my husband I was going to peek my head in. When I came back out, I didn't see him so I turned the corner and immediately saw the water fountain which confirmed my earlier feeling. He was halfway down the stairs and I went to go ask him if he saw the fountain, he commented that he didn't like how the sign looked like it all it was missing was "Whites Only". We walked around a while longer, brought some caramels from a vendor, and then settled on just getting coffee.   This is where the 2 star review really begins. After speaking to the barista, we both ordered drinks she recommended and then it became painfully clear she had no idea what she was doing. My tea was burnt and somehow grounds from the espresso she added ended up in my cup. I attempted to salvage it by converting it to a sugary concoction full of cream, all of my attempts were in vain. I threw it away. His coffee which was supposed to be one flavor, came out another, but it was drinkable. We were going to order food but while standing and waiting to place our order were told what they didn't have available and that eliminated the options we actually wanted to try.  This experience was about 3 months ago and I haven't bee back, except rotate pictures of the signs and fountains so I could randomly poll people to see if I'm just crazy, or if it really is segregation redesigned. So far, about 85% of respondents unprompted, have had a similar reaction and asked where I took the pictures.

2
0
