RgK79VmShXmVYhgW2kV8lw
PIu2Rocm6_Vyp2M3v6TKdA
Not impressed. My coworker and I were waiting for a movie across the street and decided to try and beat the heat by getting some ice cream. I have allergies to soy so I have to be very careful about what I eat as it is in *everything* these days. There were two gentlemen in the store one dark haired and kinda sullen looking,  the other heavy set. I failed to get their names as I was quickly put out by our experience and just wanted to leave.  The heavy set guy was busy with a customer so we asked the dark haired one if there was nutritional information available and politely explained I had allergies and had to be aware of everything I eat. He looked at us blankly and kind of put out sounding responded "I have it in a book." There was a pause as he just stood there staring like we were some sort of circus oddity. Finally, my coworker politely asked if we could see the book. Without saying anything and with a slight roll of his eyes he turned, grabbed the book and shoved it in my face kinda rudely. I took it from him and turned away from him because it was clear he had some sort of problem. I remarked to my coworker "Friendly... Love that" because he clearly was not. Perhaps he despised his low paying job. Perhaps he thought we looked too low class to be in his presence. Perhaps he was having a bad day. Perhaps he was just a jerk. Whatever the case, his unfriendliness and and our unwelcome  were palpable. I flipped absentely through the book but quickly decided I really had a problem giving money to a store who had employees that seemed to think openly treating customers with disrespect was okay . Handing the book back to the employee in question, I smiled and said thank you as we left. As if this wasn't enough, as we were leaving I noted that he never took his eyes off of us and even kind of elbowed his co worker and started making some sort of comment while staring us down through the window of the store as we left. They chuckled amongst themselves if full view of us as I watched. They seemed not to care that I could see their every move.  When I called back after we left and asked to speak to a manager, at first I was put on hold while whoever answered said they would go get the manager. A couple seconds later, the same person came back and said, "Oh I'm sorry. She's not here." He then informed me he had no idea when she would be back in.  Call me crazy, but I find it hard to believe in a store of that size one could be unaware their manager was no longer in the store and further could not give me any sort of estimation of when she was expected except to say she was "usually" around in the morning.  At any rate, I have scarcely been treated so rudely in a customer service environment ever. So, to the manager, whoever you may be, I would suggest you inform your employee he should endeavor to adjust his attitude towards paying customers if he intends to continue working with the public. Honestly, I really don't care what his problem was. Not my issue. I couldn't care any less what he thought of me or my coworker. However, I steadfastly refuse to give my hard earned money to a store which allows this kind of blatantly unacceptable behavior from one of its employees. Next time, I'll just find a Ben and Jerry's or simply endure the heat without aid.

1
0
iqm2GjKiBXHPzBzQ1xBhWw
I cannot say enough good things about this store. I was first introduced to Papyrus cards while working as a bookseller for the Barnes and Noble College Bookstore at Vanderbilt University in my hometown of Nashville, TN. Upon first exposure, I was immediately impressed by the high quality, unique presentation and variety of the products we carried. I had no idea Papyrus had their own retail stores, so image my surprise and excitement when I saw the store located at the Biltmore.  I must stop here and stress that up until this point I was about ready to give up on the Biltmore as a shopping destination. It seemed every store which we visited was pervaded with subtle - and in one case in particular - not-so-subtle snobbery and rudeness toward my coworker and I who were obviously not the "high class" of customer they seemed accustomed to. I suppose bearded tattooed weirdos wearing shorts and a tank top in the oppressive Phoenix heat is considered de classe to the Biltmore set. Whatever the case, I was not expecting much based on our experience thus far.  Upon entering the establishment, we were greeted by not only a beautiful, well kept, classy store but also immediately welcomed by an adorable young man in black whose pleasant demeanor and helpful, professional attitude was a welcome departure from the cold reception we had received in the other stores which we entered. The blonde young lady behind the counter was also very helpful and pleasant and seemed more than happy to indulge our every inquiry about the merchandise sold there. I was in retail heaven. Excellent, friendly customer service by people who not only seemed to enjoy their work but also feel led to make the customer feel extremely comfortable and at home is a rarity these days. We stopped, chatted and joked around a bit while shopping. By the end of the visit, we were so impressed we just wanted both the pleasantly well-kept young lady and the adorable young man to follow us around the rest of the day to keep us in good spirits. Alas, they had work to do and that was impossible. Many of the other shops at the Biltmore could learn a few things from this dynamic duo. If the Papyrus management reads this review, I strongly encourage them to commend these employees on a job well done. Your incredible store is made that much more incredible by your excellent staff. This is what the customer service experience should be like everywhere, especially in a supposedly "chic" place such as the Biltmore. Kudos to you all. Keep up the magnificent work!

5
0
