RLes6KEZ9rwBC-n5_nlfjw
AX8lx9wHNYT45lyd7pxaYw
I would honestly go all the way back for more of their cheesecake alone, it was THAT good! I found this place on Yelp before we went up to Scottsdale and believe me it was so worth it. The prices were fair and the food was excellent! Next time though I will remember to bring my own wine, like many of the other customers had. It was a quite and small restaurant and even the staff was very friendly, they made you feel like you were a regular and were truly interested in making sure you were happy with everything you got.    I ordered the special spinach and ricotta ravioli with a cream, whine and tomato sauce-it had great flavors and everything came together nicely, the only thing I would change is maybe cook the ravioli a tad bit longer because mine was a little hard but it still tasted great! My boy friend got the special which was the  Franco Special which is  pasta cardinale (pink sauce) with pork rib-meat and spinach. He absolutely loved it and would barely let me have any and I kept wanting more. No complaints at all with this dish! and last but not least we had the cheesecake with a cup of regular coffee. The cheesecake could not be any better. It was homemade and so creamy and the perfect level of sweet. We were "sharing" but I'm pretty sure I ate most of it. The coffee was dark and super rich, I personally like my coffee a tad sweeter but it was "very smooth and easy to drink" according to my boyfriend who is borderline coffee addict, so I'm thinking it was actually really tasty like everything else the offer here.   I am so in love with this place I will make sure we go every time we are up in Phoenix/Scottsdale area and he said he would have no complaints either.

5
0
xJoquhJYPujB3S6hDa3jqQ
I found this place on Yelp while looking for places to try on our mini-vacation up in Scottsdale this past weekend and this came up rated really well so we went. The place looks nice and has a great patio area (which was full so we had to sit inside). We ordered the Queso Fundido to start and it was good, I really like the flavor their beans have, but i would've liked more cheese because there was only a tiny blob in the middle. I ordered the chicken taco plate with a side of their House Rice. The chicken was dry and flavorless and the salsas weren't the best either. The guacamole was average, I've had better, I've had worse. The rice it was great but then as I started eating it, the cumin flavor overpowered everything else! My boyfriend ordered some sort of chicken torta which was "really good" I don't know because he wouldn't let me try it, but it looked very appealing. It came with a slaw salad and I did try that and wasn't impressed it was basically cut cucumber, radishes, and carrots in oil and pepper.Another thing is that they do have a lot of regulars (our server knew almost everyone's name) but in turn kind of ignored us Overall this place was OK but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.

2
0
z-vuSxK4jQvRBdsk4lFCAw
The ordering/table system is a little odd and confusing but the staff is friendly and helpful. When you first arrive you are greeted and handed a menu and then you stand in line to order. Next, while in the line, you are given a piece of paper with a table number and a table is reserved for you. Finally you order. The cashier seemed a bit annoyed with our questions but wasn't too off putting.   I ordered the "goodnight" which had jalapenos, grilled onions, BBQ sauce, cheddar cheese, lettuce and tomato.  The burger was cooked perfectly to my liking and wasn't the slightest bit dry (which is rare since I like my burgers cooked well done). The only complaint I had about the burger is the BBQ sauce is basically ketchup and I did not like it at all, so that kinda ruined the burger for me.  My boyfriend ordered the "Llano Poblano" which had poblanos, pepperjack cheese, bacon and he added avocado. As usual his was the better order. His was cooked nicely, as well.  We ordered the green chile con queso fries and those were amazing! The queso is served on the side for dipping and has the perfect  chile to cheese flavor! He ordered a beer and liked it while I ordered a fountain drink and was surprised (pleasantly) that they didn't have the typical brand drinks. I got a prickly pear flavored drink and it was good, I think I liked the color so therefore it made the drink better (it's hot pink).  Overall the food was good and the service was friendly. We will be back next time we're in Scottsdale and have a burger craving!

4
0
