RLRCszifHqysVdcJjboRVg
sJOsbi3EsaWIG_D_Ok526w
Silvia is an amazing hairdresser.  I have been going to her for over 2 years and I have yet to come out with a bad cut.  My mom and roommate now go to her too!  She is wonderful!

5
0
mvbmxFQLpAyscDF0_dAPeQ
The rating is based solely on the grooming service, the store itself is very cute and the sales people were always very professional. My boyfriend and I just moved to old town Scottsdale and we were searching for a pet groomer.  I stopped by the store on a whim and found the cutest collar for our girl Scottie so I figured why not try their grooming services for both our Scottish Terriers?  The first time, we called and brought them in on the same day, we were told our groomer would be Susan.  We were very pleased that they were willing to squeeze us in at the last minute.  We explained what we wanted and were told to come back in a few hours. However, when we picked them up Susan was nowhere to be found.  The cut looked good so we just left the tip with one of the girls at counter and got in the car.  Once, we got home we noticed some blood on our wheaten Scottie's neck.  When we looked a little closer, we realized he had a deep cut on his neck from the groomers. It took about 2 weeks to fully heal but we figured he probably jerked his head when she was trying to groom his face.  I just found it odd that no one mentioned this to us when we picked them up.  It was a pretty bad cut and there is no way she wouldn't have noticed it when it happened.    But we figured mistakes happen, and they are so convenient to where we live that we would give them another try.  Similar the Steph R's experience, we made our appointment a week before for 8 am on a Saturday.  We arrived at 8:05 am and Susan was nowhere to be found.  There was a Hispanic man inside the store, that didn't speak a word of English but motioned for us to come in and he took their leashes.  We felt very uneasy and decided to go grab a bagel and come right back to check up on our pups.  We came back at 9 am and Susan was there.  The Hispanic man was washing our dogs and Susan just seemed to be standing around.  We explained that we felt uncomfortable with the situation and had come back to check on our pups.  She assured us they were in good hands.  We explained what we wanted, and asked when them would be ready.  She said 1 pm and that she would call as soon as they were done.  1 pm rolled around and no call, at 1:45 pm, my boyfriend called wondering if they were ready.  The groomer said that they were and to come get them.  Once, he brought them home, we immediately realized that she hadn't cut their skirts at all even though, we had specifically asked that she cut their skirts very short.  Also, she had cut one side of my girl Scottie's eyelashes but not the other side.   Needless to say, we will not be returning for a third visit.  I think Susan is a nice woman and means well but a manager needs to look the job she is doing and work on her customer service skills.  I very much hope that this review, will help the store improve their grooming services.

1
0
