RLxJWLTmEoHnGRy_EJMwVQ
34uJtlPnKicSaX1V8_tu1A
Stayed here for my bachelorette and it was TERRIBLE. I purchased 3 Bella Suites for my friends and me and the Venetian reservations specialists erroneously charged me twice.   As any bride or maid of honor can attest, it's incredibly difficult to organize and collect payment from multiple people for a group stay. The Venetian did not make it any easier; in fact, their latent charges, poor communication, and failure to compensate me for their error, turned a hassle into a nightmare. I even tried to talk through the charges with Venetian's Guest Services rep, Beverly Borromeo, but she declined to help and knowingly left me dissatisfied and disgruntled.  If you're going to Vegas, especially for a group party- bachelor, bachelorette, birthday, etc.- I do not recommend the Venetian/Palazzo group hotels. Go somewhere that will appreciate your business and endeavor to make your stay as easy as possible; I suggest the Cosmopolitan.

1
0
Xk3inJcuBGLhavUcdlINZA
Delicious eclectic American food and excellent cocktails.   Full bar features a wide variety of liquors. As a bourbon drinker, I applaud any place that has Pappy Van Winkle (which this one does). Lead mixologist Micah is a part owner and works Tuesday through Saturday. We liked the 1951 (Old Fashioned) and Rebel Son cocktails.  Recommend: albacore and truffle oil, yellowtail with chive, burrata, grilled mozzarella, mushroom gratin, risotto with squid ink. Pork belly and polenta, and short rib, are also tasty but not as unique.  Bar area is more lively, fun and warm, with about 8-10 dining tables in addition to bar seating.   Best restaurant in Phoenix.

5
0
qhHwbSltc8MSm64vj3wcgg
Went here with a large group of girls. I'm not sure what they were called, but we were able to share cocktails in giant bowls- perfect to kick off a bachelorette.   Everything else was mediocre, especially relative to the price (which was high). The scenery isn't as fantastic as it's advertised to be, and the service was not what you'd expect from a high-end restaurant.  Food: 3.5 Ambience: 4 Service: 2

2
0
WjtJAtp19nA61b8LT9uLrA
The local produce menu is ideal for vegetarians. Fresh, lots of variety.   Dinner menu has everything from duck to port belly to paella.   Best of all: happy hour 2:30 - 6 pm every day (including weekends). Half off beer, wine and well cocktails.   Restaurant atmosphere is bright, homey and clean. Two outdoor patios; the one in the front has a fireplace.   A worthy restaurant to visit in Phoenix.

4
0
