ruRbhtptqV1ygJS6xVnvNQ
_AvHni-xdRHmZ3XfYHwGkg
if i have paid for this meal, i'd be pissed, period!  but since i was among work colleagues, i faked my smile, i toasted my glass, i ate my meal in small bites, and filed just a little tiny complaint to our waitress at the end of my meal.   Me: "I understand you are a improvisational cuisine restaurant, so you pretty mudh dictate what is being offered to my 4-course meal. yes?"  Waitress with smile: "Yes"  Me - afraid my colleagues might hear my complaint and judge me as hard-to-please bitch - wispered in my best manner:  "not that i am complaining, but i clearly indicated on my direction list no veggies.  Can you please explain to me why i started up my meal with a salad and ended it with a carrot cake?"  Waitress still in smiles:  "I am sorry, we should have paid more attention to it.  Here is some chocolate."  suuuuuuure..    and that frigging chocolate bar is something to compensate for my goddamn 4-course $150 bucks meal??!  I have had Salad! some Veggie mixed crap, more veggie mixed beef, and at the end, CARROT cake!  you gotta be effing kidding me!!  and let me tell you, that foie gras tasted GAMY!  GAMY!!

2
0
no_FXjscklz1SEzM_XnVgw
Dear Mom,  i think i just fell in love, and i am staying in Scottsdale in desperate attempt to gain the love of that waiter who works at Petite Maison.  Of course, as you have suspected, that dark and handsome man was completely oblivious of my existence. But i shall not give up and continue to patron this restaurant as often as possible until the day he could remember my plain face. Isn't that what dad does to those bar girls anyway? See, tenaciousness runs in the family.  say what? frequent a french restaurant everyday is too out of my budget? no no no, see.. we came here as three girls and ordered at least 5 appetizers on top of dessert and wine, and the bill came a little short of $60 dollars.  say what? my asian stomach cannot handle the undercooked french cuisine on a daily basis? no no no, see... although disappointed by their escargot which could use a little more salt and butter, their Moules Maison that is made of mussells and white wine sauce had the most enticing aroma with mushroom basil based sauce, i was ready to lick the plate when finished. Their foie gras for a minimal $13 was silky and creamy to the point that, it was literally dancing on the tip of my tongue like a little piece of heaven.  oh, and i have no problem staying in this 110 degree weather mom, the nicely-decored restaurant sprinkled tiny rain drops along the wall to cool down my lovelorn heart.  it would only make this place the more romantic by being directly across street from a south coast worthy mall.  now only i can get that darn wedding ring off his finger..... ................ ...................... okay, i am coming home, mom, and will continue to stay home being your single and pathetic over-aged daughter.

4
0
