RykF_ZsfRAe9ilCKewLVww
rRIvUOqXsfArzltHSLexHQ
I would give negative stars if I could. I went in minutes ago for two White Mochas, ended up asking for my iced one to be remade because it wasn't made right. The girl behind the counter said it was correct, as she made it, but commented that she would make it again. Not 15 seconds later, the exact same coffee that I had just given to her was put in front of me in a different cup. When I took a sip and explain it tasted the exact same and was still not right, the girl said she didn't know what to tell me because it was made properly and proceeded to say what the ingredients were. She then proceeded to ask me what she could possibly "do to make my drink better" for me, I told her not to worry about it because obviously the drinks can't be made correctly so I would just get my money back and go somewhere else.  Needless to say I won't be back and they obviously need special training at this location (both for drink orders and personality/attitude adjustments)

1
0
VY_tvNUCCXGXQeSvJl757Q
My newest, most favorite place to hangout. My fiancé and I come here all the time and have really enjoyed getting to know some of the servers/bartenders. They're always on top of food orders and the bartenders are great for beer knowledge (especially IPA's for my fiancé).  We LOVE happy hour; the prices are great and after every visit we go home full and happy.  We like the wings, Capri salad and every pizza we've tried. It's really phenomenal.  Honorable mentions are Chris, Gene and Robert -- all who we have had the opportunity to see after their shifts at one point or another and they're great people.  Looking for good eats and food? Worth trying. It's delicious and the service is always great! **try the purple haze, it's yummy and popular!**

5
0
75Gig-jWKlmMRJPsMCcqUw
The "walk off Bloody Mary" described my experience perfectly. I visited with my boyfriend after reading such rave reviews about the place... It's severely lacking. We were greeted (sort of) by the bartender, Shannon, when we walked in. Since there was no offer to be seated, we went to up to the bar. I ordered the signature drink, as mentioned and he ordered a beer. After waiting 10 minutes (we were 2 of maybe 5 people sitting at the bar), the drinks arrive. I can only say that my drink was very mild - no real flavor - although the mason jar it was served in was pretty cool! What pushed me out the door was the fact that these girls has little to no information on the games/sports that were on today. No idea of channels or start time - let alone who was playing. My boyfriend offered up some info and all Shannon said (with imminent sarcasm) was "good lookin' out dude" ... Come on girl, seriously.. You work at a SPORTS BAR! Know what games are on, or at least what time the next game starts. P.S. The creepy looking "regular" sitting at the end of the bar -- locking your lips while you look at the females in the bar & the staff, it's weird AF. Chill.

2
0
