RYWTJEzt-nbUpN-B3W3S0w
a59xvLWRbL-_0QijQ1Hw6w
I'm afraid I can't even write a review that will do justice to the talents of Emily Lopez at Steven Paul! My mom, sister, and I first visited Emily in 2011, and we've never seen anyone else since (I have panic attacks when I even think of the prospect of moving out of state and letting someone else besides Emily do my hair!).  Emily always gives you exactly what you want, except better than you had ever imagined it yourself. She is so tuned in to each individual client's personal style and works with you from there. You always leave Emily feeling like a better version of yourself!  On top of all of that, Emily is a lovely person and you will look forward to every visit with her. She is also very flexible in terms of fitting appointments into your busy schedule and is always there for you when you need to get in touch with her! I've recommended Emily to many of my friends and they all loved what she did with their hair. You could be next! :)

5
0
uvEY8YmESqVYZe1Ziz7AKQ
I don't understand why a whole-foods plant-based restaurant can't make a simple smoothie. I've gotten two smoothies here on separate occasions and both times, they literally don't blend it long enough. They have a freaking Vitamix...there is no excuse for chunks of spinach or chia seed. I didn't pay $8 for a grainy smoothie. I have a Vitamix at home. I once accidentally blended an avocado pit into my smoothie and it was still velvety smooth. Yet this place can't blend normal fruits and veggies and seeds completely. Give your employees a Vitamix tutorial, for the love of veganism! On both occasions, I would have sent it back or had it remade, but it took them so ridiculously long to make my crappy smoothie, that I didn't trust them to make me another one without me being late to work. Also, they use ice in their smoothies, which any semi-competent smoothie maker knows dilutes smoothies. That's why you are supposed to use frozen fruit and frozen bananas to make it cold and thick without making it watery. It's really not that hard. Please, Cutting Board, use frozen fruit for smoothies, cut the ice, and tell your employees to hit the blend button for more than 10 seconds. A minute is probably more appropriate. For the top of restaurant this is, smoothies should be the easiest thing to master. I don't really plan on coming back. I rather go hungry for lunch than waste almost $10 on a smoothie that tastes and feels like it was made by a complete novice in an old $15 blender.

2
0
