S5XqDo_WbasbAz7H3QUngg
DKY2be7dDX2CT_WB_Dk4pQ
The management here need more training, Kate and April. I came with my 100 year old grandmother, whom was asleep. She woke up and I gave her 1/2 bowl of rice to hold so she doesn't feel left out, the manager came over and wanted to charge us $5 for her holding the rice and taking 2 bites of the rice. Just a note: she went back to sleep after just a couple of minutes. We have been in Vegas for a whole week and many places that cost more than here I.e $50 a person ... Did not charge her and they actually celebrate her amazing age. She really doesn't eat at all. I am shocked at the attitude of the management here, especially Kate. I dont know if she has a grandmother, but, hope she can be more sympathetic to senior citizens, disabled people, and family with special needs.   There is always exception to the rules... Accompany the guests and Evaluate the situation next time.   *** I would give a 0 star, except you have to give one star to post the review.

1
0
bZivzFTkkjNtUBSuMhoCtg
Love the fact that they close at 1am. This is the closest Asian food I could get near the Princess Hotel (Fairmont). Food is great too, can't beat the happy hour prices.

5
0
FsvWk7dJzbCheSi-U2fIHQ
Got two of the most recommended dishes: salmon and steak burger. Burger, ordered medium, was over cooked (from my husband -- he put this: beyond well done which is typically a fail, as one cannot taste the quality of the meat, and I assume the chef doesn't have control of his grill!) Salmon was a little under cooked as medium for my taste.   They would have gotten a 3 star due food but due to nice environment and friendly staff, and the management experience I got it a four star. The service and the manager were extremely nice. He came to check on us and found out about the burger issue and took it off the bill which was really nice for him to do -- hence the 4 star.   Overall, I like the atmosphere and the HUGE selection of their draft BEER and happy hour. The staff and management was super professional and nice.   If I lived here, I probably will come back again.

4
0
