s7Z2qgx3lcYfnOA8lvMXvQ
NcJ4Ug6EX4t_WBh3E0mXhA
My husband and I are expecting our first child so the world of "baby" is totally new to us. We were looking around and pretty overwhelmed in the crib section when Andrew found us. He gave us the 101 on cribs and then helped us narrow down some possible strollers as well. He was extremely knowledgeable, helpful and nice. He showed us a wide range of items, but all were very price conscious. We will be going back we when are ready to tackle some more items on our list. We left feeling like we had learned a lot and had a much better idea of what we will need to be getting for our little baby to be.  Thanks Andrew!!!!

5
0
RWkNYaST4pHM2ZrRFGFcKA
I am so disappointed with the in store customer service. I am heading back east this week and was in need of a warm jacket (from PHX) I looked online and saw one that I wanted. I checked the local store, and it said it was in stock. I know how those things can work, so I called just to make sure. The gentleman on the phone was so nice, and he checked for me, and also put the item on hold.  Fast forward to a day later. I went in to pick up my item. When I walked in, 4 employees were all standing together at the first register. They just looked at me like I had walked into somewhere I was not welcome. No smiles, no greetings, nothing. I had to initiate the conversation, and all I got was a "hi". A store employee finally turned and walked to my side of the counter. I let him know I was picking up an item that was on hold. He opened the "on hold bin" and dug though it looking for mine. All the items were just thrown in there. If something was fragile, it would be in rough shape. He held up a few items that were not mine until he found mine. He then through it on the counter in front of me, and turned his back to go to the other side of the register. No "is there anything else you need" or "if you are ready to make a purchase, please step over here". Nothing. By the time I made my way over to the open register, he was helping someone else.  I had a coupon on my phone, and with my not so great cell service it would not load. You could see that it was a coupon by the email subject line though. The cashier just kept saying "well I need to see it". I asked if there was any override she could do...usually a store knows which coupons are out and valid. I also asked to see a manager, and she responded with "He would just need to see the coupon as well". Didn't even try to get someone.   I am not saying that you need to roll out the red carpet, but when someone is spending over $100 (or any price for that matter) just some nice customer service would be appreciated.

1
0
