sbe9cnA3DB5jY1K3--uecg
qt_GH5ZBn6xT0CtzNdrvyQ
I didn't stay here, but did see a suite!  I was here for a wedding.  It is absolutely stunning with the backdrop of Cambleback Mountain and the pool warmed to perfection complete w view.  Boo on the cost of a cabana for $175 when my sister snagged one for lunch because of her 2.5 yo.  In fact, all food and drink is marked up considerably.  I heard $9 in the minibar for a Snickers.  That being said, they were super flexible for the wedding on using the pool for wedding guest visitors.    The resort is a Mediteranean style oasis.  The wedding outdoors was beautiful.  No need for flowers with that backdrop and we had some little bunnies that attended.  They didn't let us put yamakas on them though for the service.

4
0
g2VN-L5UPk5haGVeSe1LEg
It was fine at $15 a day even for a full I downgraded to a smaller compact, Devery said he helped me as I was going to be 5 hours later than my original drop off of noon to noon and he was glad I said something up front because of the charges......  Well try charm of Devry didn't proceed through return and I got charged and extra $47 for being 5 hours late.  I knew the price was too good to be true.  I recommend you know your exact flight times if you venture and overestimate your return.

2
0
PWG28q4JFOc8FiRBjnfCkA
ZOMG!  My cousins booked this place for a rehearsal dinner for a wedding.  Outdoor picnic tables with streamed lights, a wall to spray paint lurve on and the food!  First of all, they catered to our Serbian heritage and made bop chichi.  It was excellent along with roasted chicken, potato schmaltz, salad and the spiciest brats I have ever had.  The dessert also followed Serbian tradition with date cake.  The staff bent over backward in service of drinks.  Beer was tapped, and the wait staff was constantly asking if we wanted wine or any other hard liquor served in glass outdoors.  The setting was perfect for mingling of out of town guests with the wedding families.  It was a wedding in itself.  PS Did I mention the pretzels and pickle appetizers!!!!

5
0
