Se9wg1Lcgnso6Hh-ezIT5A
hvaOgvC3F9b0G1eefGlzNQ
My husband and my 30 year old son and myself used to love this place. But the owner Mike is getting more and more obnoxious. We put money in the jukebox, 5 dollars worth. The music was loud enough to hear, well he went over and turned off one of our Nickelback songs and get this and Elvis song because he thought they were inappropriate for the dining hour! There were a total of maybe 10 other people in the entire establishment. Our wings were squishy (the menu says they will be crispy) our mac and cheese was as dry as a bone. A few weeks back my husband and I had gone to Thunderbird Roadhouse to listen to a well know local blues singer. The owner stood in front of our booth video taping the act for his YouTube channel all the while blocking our view! We told him we couldn't see and he would not move. The people in the booth next to ours leaned over to my husband and said he was blocking their view too and that they also felt it was obnoxious to ignore the needs of people that were actually there, recording a video for his YouTube channel was not priority if it meant being rude to his customers that were actually there. We told him how offended we were that he lowers the volume of the jukebox or even skips songs he does not like right in front of the customer that paid to have it played. Why does he have any music in his entire jukebox selection that he doesn't approve of. What a jerk and he doesn't care about the customer, he will unfortunately go out of business with his thinking. We love Twila, an awesome waitress there. We left her a huge tip but we vow to never go back. What a shame, because the place had potential.

1
0
CEswyP-9SsXRNLR9fFGKKw
We love this place! We just discovered it last week and went back again in the same week. The food is Amazing. The best Meatloaf you will ever have. The best fried pickles we have had, they are spicy and for under 6 bucks its a huge appetizer.They have drinks like a lemon drop shot  for 2.99 all day everyday, and many more on the list of shots. But the waitress told us you can turn them into full blown drinks for the same price! Awesome! For desert we ordered their Apple Turnovers with caramel sauce and vanilla ice-cream, wow. They were so fresh and perfect in texture. I had blackened fish tacos and they didn't skimp on the size of the fillets in each of the two huge soft tacos they put them in. Best of all they have so many flat screens, even in the booths and you can change the channel in your individual booths to whatever channel you wish. This is our new favorite place in town. We live in Glendale and we will be traveling there regularly now. I am sure the view of the adorable girls is a nice added plus for the guys. Great atmosphere and food!

5
0
