SHEdUB_ws9Jnr42pPpfTLQ
uKSX1n1RoAzGq4bV8GPHVg
went to St. Francis twice in past month and I must admit that i will be going there in the future. I am giving this place this high of a rating not because i had a meal that blew my socks off. It is because these people have managed to put together a neighborhood place that has fantastic atmosphere and good food.  The first visit was about 4 weeks ago for lunch. We sat inside for patio was completely booked. This was not a bad decision for we loved the ambiance. For my meal i had the short rib sandwich. It just stood out and i had to have it. The dish was very tasty. the only down side of it was that it got a little soggy so the bread lost that crunch, but the flavor was there and this was to be expected from that juicy beef.  Went for dinner last Tuesday and the seating situation was exactly the same. Outside was packed, the bar was full so we had to sit inside or wait for about 30 minutes for outdoor seat. No problem... we set at the table inside and again had a great time.  The ambiance was great. servers were fun and helpful and the place was filled with cool people.  For appetizer i had the goat cheese that was good. it was recommended to us by our server and we were grateful for that. tomato sauce added just enough acidity to the dish to keep the cheese from being too potent. nice crunch with the crostinis.  One of us ordered the pot roast that was very good. Cool thing about it was that the dish did not come out as heavy as we have expected. The meat was juicy and tender and polenta was just great. The cioppino had very good amount of seafood in it but we thought that the sauce was a bit of a let down. We expected that zing that cioppino should deliver along with an abundance of fresh aromas, but in this case it was missing. Do not get me wrong, the dish was good but not great.  Finlay , the prime hanger steak was good but little over done. It was ordered MR but delivered MW. The mashed potatoes were great and roasted cipolini were fantastic. the mushroom ( i think it was a form of demi ) was delicious. not overpowering and allowing other ingredients to speak for themselves. Had it not been overcooked, this dish would have been a winner.  All in all a great experience at ST. Francis and i will be bringing friends there for time to come.

4
0
LE93qqXLoSQZ777ONaJFMA
Just got back from this breakfast spot and had to write something about It. You know, the name of he game is hospitality... I am not upset about cold Eggs Benedict (I would not suggest cold hollandaise sauce to anyone), or long wait for service, nor the wrong food that was delivered, nor waffle without syrup.... What  gets me is the lack of interest to care for their patrons. Lack of HOSPITALITY. This is what will keep me away from places like this. Everyone is allowed to make mistakes. What happens afterword  is what matters. In this place  what happens after mistakes is ... Nothing! Now, I am not talking about comping meals and free food for that does not do it for me. It is same as doing nothing. Sincere apology and attention from the moment the issue has been identified is what I expect. This is so I can continue having a decent meal with my family and not fight waiters and managers.  This restaurant does not have anyone to , first notice an issue , and then secondly  provide direction to their team on how to handle it once identified. This was my second and last visit to this restaurant.

1
0
