si6Lhj6yhNUW16mqpEp-iQ
naLrErBuJr9IWd6_rv6-XQ
Staff was very friendly and attentive. They answered all my questions regarding the dishes and steak without any ounce of "snootiness".  Wine list is electronic and your search can be narrowed  by grape, cost, or region. Steaks were cooked exactly as ordered and the bone marrow accompaniment was VERY generous for an add on price of only $9. I actually gave half of mine to my friend who didn't order for his steak. Reservations are basically a requirement (especially on a weekend).   The only downside is that some of the patrons are a little on the loud side and there really didn't seem to be a dress code enforced, but hey, its Vegas so you just have to expect that with the territory, even at this price point.

4
0
vSf0pqvaLp5sVSjJPeOqqQ
I didn't have a good experience at this restaurant. First, I think the name "gastropub" is thrown around a little loosely these days. I noted a few items hinting at creativity, but mainly the menu is bar appetizers, burgers and some British food. Creed and Maroon 5 on the sound system, and enough "flair" on the wall to make you feel like you are in a British TGI Fridays, not a hole in the wall British Pub.   Went for lunch and the place was not packed at all. Despite seeing several servers walking around, waited a good 10 minutes for a water and a menu. The following was ordered: buffalo burger medium, substitue horseradish sauce instead of bleu cheese, and sweet potato fries. 35 minutes later (place is almost empty) food arrives by a different server who puts it down without saying anything and walks away. Food consists of a small patty of well done meat on a very large, somewhat burned bun. I am not sure of there burger weight, but putting it on a bun twice the size does not help with any sort of illusion. Large hunk of bleu cheese, but no horseradish anywhere to be found. No one is around and I am starving so I scrape off the cheese and just eat it. Anyone who has had buffalo understands it has a different flavor than beef. I cannot verify this, but I am pretty sure I DIDNT have a buffalo burger.   No one checked on me even if I had wanted to say anything. The next time I saw my server he was delivering my unasked for check.   This "pub" is exactly the reason I avoid chain restaurants whenever I can.   Since I want to be a little nice, if you do want a good beer selection (and even some ciders) this place might be up your alley. Also, the sweet potato fries were good.

1
0
MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA
First off go to tenderbelly.com and order your "Bacon, It's Good For Ya" t-shirt. Then head over to CPH and order a properly made moscow mule and some bacon fat popcorn to get started.   I really have nothing but good things to say about this place. I have had the pork belly, the filet, the burger, gourmet grilled cheese, hummus, and a few more things. The temperature, portion size, flavors, and prices on everything have been spot on.   For those of you who are in to the current trend of supporting local and smaller business ventures, I found out that this place was started by a couple of local service industry guys along with Chef Bernie. Bernie uses tenderbelly pork and *Smart Chicken chicken. I googled both to find out why he chose these companies. The deserts are made by a local women and sold at the restaurant. They do change occasionaly.  Chef Bernie is also the creator of the famed "Stetson Salad" going by the name "Original Chopped" at CPH. Anyone who is from Scottsdale is probably aware of the popularity of this single item. So if you have friends visiting from out of town, or you are visiting yourself, this is a local fave.  I recently had a bartender friend tell me "I'm so tired of hearing the term mixologist". It may be overused, but this bar can probably get away with it. I am mainly a wine drinker, but they have a long list of really unique cocktails on the menu and I notice a few new ones added every few visits. Richie is one of those guys where you can say "i had something that was like blah, blah, blah, but have no idea what was in it" and he will probably figure out what you are talking about even when you aren't quite sure.   The last good thing I will say is liking CPH on FB is worth it. I notice many places that never seem to update anything. CPH is very good about keeping you in the loop about the daily special, deal, and new dishes.

5
0
