si9KaaHw3CS08mpTQfI0kA
24qSrF_XOrvaHDBy-gLIQg
Had lunch with my 6 year old on Friday, April 6.  I ordered the shrimp poboy and seafood gumbo.  Both were mediocre. Service was friendly but took a long time to get the food out and even longer to get the bill.  I had a local dines coupon so I thought I would try this place out.  My son ordered from the kids menu- chicken nugget with fries. The nugget were the dinosaur ones you buy at the store in the freezer bags and heat it up.  In my opinion, the quality of the kids menu/food should try to equal that of the adult.  If the kids menu is created to have one and serves frozen food then I could have fed my son at home.  Everything was mediocre.  I also ordered a togo 1/2 poboy and 1/2 gumbo combo for my husband.  He didn't think the food was that good either.  Even with the coupon,I spent out of pocket $25 on 2 adult lunch.  Pricey for mediocre food and service. Would not recommend this place.

2
0
84NQRcMC0ldIC86yRw0vpA
We, my 6 year old son, Alexander and I go to this Gelato shop once a week now that we bought some yelp coupons for this business.  The gelato here is all about high quality ingredients so the final product is always superb.  They also have good canolis and tiramisus. The service is friendly and atmosphere down to earth and comfortable.  They also have an italian restaurant under construction next door to the gelato shop in Mesa.  I was told that it will be opening sometime in April of 2012.  We are definitely looking forward to trying it out!!

5
0
GU3GGuECUTbHG8NPHXG9mQ
We ate dinner at 8PM on May, 23, 2013. I really had high hopes for this high end happening restaurant. I made reservation for a table of 5 and told the reservationist that we had another party of 5 under my friend's name. We were part of a meetup group that loves food and came together for AZ Restaurant week to eat and socialize.I don't know why but the reservation person at Searsucker called my friend over the phone and pressured her to agree to making our 2 separate reservation into 1.Meaning our party of 8 would be seated at a long table. When I arrived, I was shock to find out we were seated all together at one long table. By this point, everyone had already gotten comfortable so we decided to stay put enduring the tight space even though the restaurant was half empty!!!!  There's more!! I was not given a napkin nor a glass of water till I ask 2 times for it.  I ate my appetizer, entrée, and half of my dessert before I got the napkin I asked for.  Our party waited at least 30 minutes, before anyone came to get our order.  The air conditioning was not working well that day and so we were sitting there sweating.  I notice, the table next to us was also fanning themselves with the menu. If you are reading this Searsucker, please write me back at xxxxxxxx  and I will make sure to contact you right away. Thank you for reading this review.

1
0
