SPOrG9DsDpVTyQpF7Fm0kA
VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ
THE LOWDOWN: Good pizza, but not worth the wait nor the aggravation.  I've been here the once, after hearing my girlfriend and her roommate rant and rave about it. Our group was composed of my girlfriend and myself, and two friends.  First things first. Being where it is, parking is, excuse the language, a bitch. After arriving and finding that the very limited parking spaces had all been taken, I was forced to park in front of (presumably) another patron's car. Throughout the two hour wait and one hour meal, I was praying that I wouldn't get called out to move the car and find another parking space (ha, yeah right) or, worse, get towed.  After that was the wait. Oh God, the wait. Even though Bar Bianco right next door provides for a comfortable waiting spot with a great selection of wine and cheese to tide you over, two hours is two hours. Two hours is four separate deliveries from any pizza chain that knows what they're doing. Two hours is about half the drive to Las Vegas. Two hours is... well, two hours.  After the two hours of wondering just how good this pizza would be, we were finally seated and given menus at a simple wooden table inside the similarly simple and comfortably home kitchen-like restaurant proper. I was hungry and expecting nothing less than food that would give me an orgasm.  I didn't get it.  Don't get me wrong. The antipasti was good. The pizza was good - I especially liked Sonny Boy. But it was just that. Good. Not mind-blowing. Not life-changing. No sudden epiphany. No orgasm. The cappuccino was pretty good, though.  This is a place that lives - and thrives - on its reputation and exclusivity, which stems from the difficulty of actually getting seated and served. Pizzeria Bianco is one of those places which has transcended from "a restaurant" into "an experience", and deservedly so. The reputation is justified. The food is good. However, despite being pleasant and a must-do at some point during your stay in Phoenix, the whole experience isn't worth going through a second time; while the food and the ambiance justify the (very reasonable!) price you pay, the difficulty of finding parking and the wait are ALSO part of the experience, and is something that cannot be rectified.   So unless you happen to enjoy waiting, my advice to you is to go there the once and experience it for yourself. And then, regale your friends with tales of how amazingly awesome the whole experience is, con them into going, and tell them to bring home some leftovers.

2
0
yMUVflS-2SnOGafXmdHy6w
THE LOWDOWN: Quick, tasty, and definitely worth the amount of money they charge. One star off for the state of the bathrooms.  According to my Vietnamese girlfriend, the pho isn't exactly authentic, but it does say something when she insists we keep going back. The food comes out quick, the staff are friendly, and the decor makes for an intimately friendly dining experience. A great place for a quick lunch or a long, drawn-out dinner with friends and/or family.  Of note is, of course, the "pho-nomenal" (as advertised... I couldn't make it up if I tried, honest) pho which, while considered basic, is done very well, and comes in different combinations of steak, flank, tripe and tendon to your taste. Also worth ordering are the spring rolls, which come out looking like a work of art and tasting pretty damn good. The iced coffee, while a tad overpriced for the amount you get, is sufficiently strong and sweet, and provides for a satisfyingly refreshing conclusion to your meal.  Somewhat disappointing, however, was the Bun Bo Hue, which was way too herby for my taste. The curry also left me somewhat disillusioned - no kick, and not much of a curry taste. These two options aside, you should be happy with everything else. Nonetheless, that's half a star knocked off.  The other half of the star that's missing is due to state of the male bathroom. The floors are generally as clean as a restaurant bathroom can get, but every time I go in there to wash my hands, it looks like somebody's puked in the sink. Every single time. I don't know what it is, I don't WANT to know what it is, and it puts me off my appetite... until my pho arrives, anyway.  In conclusion, Pho Ao Sen is definitely worth going to. You won't be disappointed. Just consider bringing some hand sanitizer or wet wipes.

4
0
