SpU0agFJ6Wt_rqWueL03bA
TI0Y8O27cuwHIqeyR7JCYA
I have heard many horror stories about contractors from home warranty companies and let me tell you that this is NOT one of them.  I sent my request through my home warranty company in the morning and I received a call within an hour from Mark.  He was able to send someone within the next 2 hours to come take a look and, mind you, this was not even an emergency.  Daniel was the technician.  He was prompt, presentable, and courteous.  The problem was with my dishwasher.  Water was leaking into the washer from my sink,  and while the solution was fairly simple, he went above and beyond by advising me how to disinfect the dishwasher.  He actually did it for me.  He recommended what I should be using to clean the dishes and he tested the water temperature and determined that it was not hot enough so he actually adjusted my water heater.  This is a family owned business and I will definitely be using them again in the future.  Great service!

5
0
qXvsG7sRadmHoy3jRMmipA
There was no wait and I was in and out in less than 10 minutes.  The issue was the customer service.  The gentleman manning the station was so rude I couldn't believe it.  He didn't smile or say hello, told me to get out of my car, and pointed to the area I was supposed to go.  There was a device in my diagnostic port and I said to go ahead and pull it out, and he yelled at me to "Take it out myself!"  I could barely understand him so I turned my car on too soon and got yelled at again.  Then after I paid he accused me of grabbing the credit card out of his hand and asked me if I had something against him.  During the whole experience he was shaking his head and mumbling to himself.  Now I understand that it is hot outside, and it was the end of the day, but I was so blown away by how rude this guy was that I had to tell the story.  Unfortunately there is not a direct phone number that I know of to report this, but whatever..I would still go back because it's close.

2
0
