sq3xYJlksuBfk-EFdLmvNQ
vAOTGsBMJp2ebRCJ6Ny7NQ
My husband, his co worker and I  went to Monti's for lunch at 11:30 am. There was a  festival on Mill and we couldn't get to Corleone's without paying $10 for parking.   We waited about 15 minutes only to be seated and find that the place was very empty! We didn't get bread, but maybe they don't offer it during lunch. No biggie.   We ordered our food and waited, and waited. It took a good 30 minutes to get our food. I ordered a southwest grilled chicken sandwich and onion rings. It was pretty good and arrived hot. My husband and his friend ordered the NY strip sandwich, one with chicken noodle soup and one with a baked potato.  Both sandwiches were cold (but still tasty) as was the soup (I was told the soup was not tasty).   Gripes: We didn't get a 'sorry for the long wait' and the sides were teeny tiny.   The food: Good The service: Ok The wait for a table: Terrible The wait for food: Terrible

2
0
2wRTKKFa9GZI0Jm9WaohrA
I bought a Groupon for Ahi and met up with my sisters for lunch. I brought my kids along for the ride!  My first impression of the dining area was that it is super clean and bright! We were seated immediately kind of close to the entrance.  It was a really fun to see all the different rolls going by on the conveyor belt. The kids LOVED grabbing what they wanted, which turned out to be spring rolls and cream puffs.   I decided to try the gyoza first, and I have to admit it was cold, but I didn't expect food to stay magically hot while rotating throughout the dining room. For that same reason, I ordered my rainbow rolls to be made while I waited. I have to say they were worth the wait! The fish tasted fresh and it was cold.  The kids liked their food, I liked mine. It was better than I expected after reading the reviews here on Yelp.  If you want a place where you can grab a (small) quick, cheap bite along with dessert, then Ahi is a good place! It's basically fast food sushi. Be realistic!   If you want a restaurant experience, go to a restaurant. Pay a little more. Wait a little longer.  Ahi was perfect for a quick, and fun, lunch with the kids,

4
0
