SUgCGh3UYZcb7pSRHm9wNg
uKETWlO3yEB_-jhoRtPYjg
So happy I found this place! I literally went down the line in places to call to see if a salon was open today which is Easter Sunday. My mom and I wanted to relax and get pedicures and I desperately needed a fill. I called and told them we were coming. They were fully maybe even over staffed and we were helped right away. The pedicure was awesome, and my mom really enjoyed hers because the tech actually taught her things to help with her knots in her feet and really worked on them for her, which she has never experienced with a nail tech. The salon its self was beautiful and had a very relaxing vibe. Oh! And they gave us each a bottle of water upon sitting down, which was amazing. I didn't catch the name of the gentleman who did my fill, but he did a great job. The person who originally did my acrylics before, did a really terrible job. He fixed the crooked nail, and really took the time to make sure I was happy with the nails. I'm so glad we stumbled upon this place, it will be our new go-to! Thank you!

5
0
DiDZqjm_ti1Kim-5BhHPfA
Honestly, I've never been here to stay because of the experience my mother and I had. My mom had a groupon for a wine tasting and small food platter which is going to expire soon. She is going out of town soon and I just got back in town so we decided to go today. Apparently they were having an event, and after talking to an employee, he said maybe they can honor it on the patio but probably not due to the event. After speaking with a manager, he informed us they couldn't accept the groupon at this time. My mom asked if she could talk to a manager to see if maybe she can get a voucher for another time. So Brooke, the "manager" apparently, approached us with a nasty vibe to begin with and asked what was up. My mom explained how she didn't understand why she couldn't accept the groupon since in the fine print it didn't say anything about not being accepted on "event days". Brooke sarcastically and rudely said that its "illegal" for her to do accept it in these circumstances. My mom repeated what she said and asked why it was illegal and Brooke said that is not what she said. Overall I couldn't believe how rude she was. I work in the service industry as well and I get how groupons can be kind of annoying but honestly they get you clients and your company was the one that set it up so you deal with it and honor and most of all be NICE to clients. We probably would of bought bottles of wine beyond the coupon but I don't even want to come back there after that experience. I myself don't get sassy but my mom does, so I had to walk out of the store while she was writing our "voucher" to come back on her card for the same value because I was about to flat out ask her "why are you being so damn rude???" Probably even worse language than that. I honestly have never experienced that from a manager to a client. I know my own manager would NEVER talk to someone like that. Needless to say, I love wine, but I will never go back to that place because of that woman. Hope you guys train your managers to show  a little bit more simple kindness towards clients.

1
0
