SUsdHmuQHjQyEE9MkGKlRQ
jf67Z1pnwElRSXllpQHiJg
This place ... has its own type of charm -- only if you define charm as dilapidated, dark, and a bit haunting.  The airport is ridden with slot machines (like any other commercial building in Las Vegas), so go wild if that's your thing.  The people here are quite the atypical bunch. You normally do run into some strange people whenever you're in any airport terminal, but those strangers seem to come in much higher concentrations here. I dared not look at anyone during my 1:18 layover on the way back to sunny San Diego.  The choices for food here were very very limited. When Wendy's literally becomes the most appetizing of all eateries at an airport, you know you're in trouble.  Anyway, I'd avoid flying through here unless you're actually traveling TO Vegas. It's kind of a dump and you should want to minimize your time spent here.

2
0
YQvg0JCGRFUkb6reMMf3Iw
This is one of the best pizzerias I've been to in the US.  Located right on Mill St. a few blocks away from ASU's main campus, you feel a certain presence when approaching La Bocca Urban Pizzeria and Wine Bar. No longer are you to expect a mom-and-pop brick oven eatery when you come to Bocca. The ambiance is reminiscent of a fine dining restaurant that Yelp would rate $$$. The food is stellar. The menu is a tad too large for a restaurant that is marketing itself at this caliber, but it's logical in design. The wait staff was solid -- not amazing, but definitely earned their tip with a smile that night.  I ordered the Med(iterranean) Plate, a Bruschetta Plank (forgot which 4 we ordered), and a Truffled Mushroom Pizza. The Med Plate was great--a platter of flatbread, thick slices of French bread, hummus, olives, feta cheese, and baba ganoush. The baba ganoush was extremely garlic-y, which is always welcome on my palette. The olives were plentiful and flavorful. The feta cheese was a bit lacking in sustenance, but was a good sampler. The French bread and flatbreads were both toasted and garnished nicely. The hummus was a bit on the thicker side (not as well-blended/liquified as some other places), but was rich and pleasant atop the two breads.  The Bruschetta planks were a bit expensive, but they were awfully tasty. Once again, I forgot which four we ordered, but my favorite had to be the Pulled Pork one.  The pizza that they give you is fairly large, especially for the price. For $9-$14, you get a personal thick-crust 8" (give or take) pizza that is hard to down in one sitting. I added some melted ricotta cheese on my pizza (a fair amount of it, actually) for only $1 more. All in all, I feel that any of the pizzas there deserve ordering, since the rest of my party had trouble finishing their's, even when they were gorging their mouths with it.  This pizzeria also has 4 Peaks' Kiltlifter on draft, so that's another high plus. The beers and most of the wines are very reasonably-priced, so ask your server about what they recommend when pairing your order to your alcohol.  Would definitely come back to this place when I'm back in town.

4
0
