SwjQZ-NkSGNgIAie0jB6Tg
cPicR-HVE2y8J2FGLg65NA
I don't write very many reviews but after three days of thinking about it, I had to write something about our experience. First off I tried to convince my partner to go to HTC because it was much more conveniently located for us, but she insisted because she had her nose pierced at Halo and had an excellent experience. So off to Halo we went. Now keep in mind we knew very little about ear gauging so we definitely needed some information about it. We were met by a woman with very short white hair (adorable hair btw) and a mechanic shirt that had the name "Vincent". Unfortunately she was extremely rude and acted like any question we had was just plain ridiculous of us to ask. To say that it was a humiliating experience, would actually be an understatement. I wanted to walk out but my partner really wanted to go to the piercer at this location. So we continued to endure the rudeness and impatience from "Vincent". I would have given "0" stars if the experience ended then but thankfully we were called back for the piercing by Ana. She was awesome! We will never forget her wonderful smile, funny stories about her brothers growing up and some bodybuilding shows that she has competed in. If we had just met with her the experience would have been A+!!! So thank you for the great piercing. No thank you to "Vincent" who tried to make two RNs feel like the stupidest people on earth.

2
0
F8q_9PUl-Lwjj9xIRPArcg
AMAZING!! The burgers were perfectly cooked. We had the Cali Burger and the New Yorker. We shared half of each and neither one of us could decide which we liked better. Loved them both! Daughters had kids chicken fingers and they were actual chicken, not just mostly fried breading with little chicken. Girls also had milkshakes that were thick and full of flavor! The staff was extremely nice, helpful and had wonderful suggestions. Will come back many, many more times! Thank you Rocket Burger for a great dining experience!

5
0
oTjwjLPGqqnh3coj0WQEEg
The sushi rolls had good flavor, but were very small and still expensive. Not to mention, the service was terrible. Not worth the trip. Too many other great sushi options around the NW Valley. Squid Ink, across the street, is great and really fun! Sakana on 59th is an excellent choice as well, just a further drive. Would not eat at Fresh Wasabi again. :(

1
0
