SYUcpy0HQs-k6oiF78FW9w
V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ
First of all, I've been a Yelp lurker for years... I had an experience tonight that compels me to write.  Felt in the mood for some Cibo pizza on my home to SoPho from a downtown Phoenix client ... was guided by the awesome female bartender towards the Diavlo pizza with added ricotta (something different from my standby Margarita pizza ... she didn't steer me wrong).  As I tend to do ... stopped by on my way home with novel in hand, ordered a dry white and a pizza to go.  The serene hum of this sweet little place was broken up by a nice older, very clean, but obviously mentally challenged man.  He walked in and loudly asked what was on the menu ... wanted a loaded pizza and a beer in this upscale downtown restaurant.  The owner gave him his utmost attention and ordered him the pizza with his toppings of choice, and a beer. I'm sorry I didn't get the owner's name, but his attentiveness and kindness endeared me even more to this place.  This diverse downtown environment may scare some away ... but I just love the energy of people helping people.  Oh, and the pizza at this place is to die for!  Can't wait to try Pasta Tuesdays and Wednesdays, which I just learned about while I was waiting.

5
0
qcm7pfIdNn9XBuPEtoogbw
I'd heard that Johnny Chu had opened yet another restaurant, this time near 12th St. and Northern.  I was in the area and decided to stop by.  Very nice interior considering they're in a strip mall next to a 99 cent store and a now closed Fresh and Easy.  I'm hesitant to support chef/owners who open and close restaurants over and over again. I'll give this one another 6 months or so.  I ordered the Red Curry, as the "to go" menu is much more limited than the regular menu and figured I couldn't go wrong.  Wrong choice!  Not the same ingredients as described on the menu, and not nearly as spicy as I was promised.   To give them credit, they do seem to have a good happy hour menu/drink specials.  However, I won't be back.

1
0
Qu1CuEVFVGiINEoGYXFqaw
Was driving back home from North Phoenix and thanks to Yelp found this little spot near PV mall.  Did my usual takeout, order a glass of wine, read a few chapters of my current novel.  Wish they had a bar area to sit at and read my book, but they accommodated me perfectly at a 2-top.  I nearly always order eggplant Bartha, garlic naan and raita.  Their's was excellent.  And a nice bonus, they include four of their condiments (tamarind sauce, cilantro/mint/chile, their own hot sauce and raita) with the order. If I'm in the area I will be back.

4
0
