sYzKXeygqWfvJQp9zAnn7Q
uR2aNW75R4oYs9w7aw-_kQ
I'd like to start off by saying that the atmosphere was great. Now that being said, the service was rancid to say the least. We made reservations and yet it still took 30minutes to be seated. The food was just as bland and over buttered. The waitress was rude and winked at me inappropriately. Awful.

1
0
rvjoePE4piJpwIO3r6KqGw
ONLY READ THIS IF YOU TAKE THESE REVIEWS SERIOUSLY.   I just had an incredibly unique experience with Dr. Steinberg...   If you're anything like me then you have a genuine fear of shots, getting my teeth drilled on and being told I need to floss-more. When I initially met Dr. Steinberg I was a bit skeptical that he would be like every other dentist, who seems to care more about the paycheck then the actual patient's health or well-being.  Fortunately this was not at all the case. Josh exhibited a thorough understanding of dentistry and what needed to be done. I asked to many questions to which he had well thought out, precise and logic answers.   I informed him that I was incredibly sensitive to drilling and requested that he take special considerations while working on my teeth...   I'm so happy with my experience because he did exactly that.   Dr. Steinberg let me know what he was going to do before doing it and regularly checked on me to ensure that I was OK. When it came time for me to receive the shots he walked me through each process step-by-step and allowed me to feel comfortable even though I was incredibly nervous.   During the main stages of drilling Dr. Steinberg remained consistent and ensured that I was comfortable the entire time. He exhibited a great skill set with everything he was doing, primarily because it didn't feel like I dental work done once I left his office.  As someone who takes his teeth very seriously I genuinely could not of asked for a better experience with Dr. Steinberg. I'm fortunate to have a network of friends that I will be the first to recommend Dr. Steinberg to.

5
0
