T4EFAOGG3uWig1vhzSJagQ
SvZXOhA_hIuQgR34VfVqnQ
One of the only true comfort foods for me is a Brat covered in sauerkraut and mustard.  And Dazzo's Dog House has the best simple one that I've had in town.  If a place screws up the 4 ingredients of this simple dish they have problems, but Dazzo's does not.   Now the thing that puts Dazzo's above all else is their fries.  But there is a secret to ordering your Dazzo dog and fries...you MUST order it To Go.  I've tested this theory, and my several test have concluded that the fries MUST be wrapped up with the dog, and then they MUST sit in the bag for a MINIMUM of 5 mins.  I personally prefer a resting period of 10-15, but find your own sweet spot.  Somehow when the dog and the fries meld their juices and smells together for those few minutes they rocket from being a dog house sitting in Glendale, to a place that I hop onto Grand Ave and drive all the way to from Downtown Phoenix.   Seriously, follow my directions for eating at Dazzo's and you too will experience bliss.

4
0
OdD1GuGNQ64ssJmMJ_D9RQ
To this date I have attempted to go to the Duce: 1...2...3...4 times.  And each time was without avail.  First time was Mother's day 2010.  Trying to prove to my mother that Downtown Phoenix was up and coming I brought my mom to the hip new place just south of the tracks.  Upon arrival it became clear that parking was an issue.  Since there was a baseball game several blocks away I gave up trying to find a parking spot after THIRTY(!) minutes.  With all the property surrounding the Duce being chain-linked fence street parking was the only option.  For some reason new business think that they can negate the overarching car culture of Phoenix and require people to walk long distances to participate in their new business.  Second time I went on a Tues, a day they had been open the week before, learned through my personal phone call.  Well, it they decided to change their hours that week...boohoo me.  3rd time I can't even remember the circumstances, because I just became so accustomed to the place being closed.  And that brings us to today, my final attempt.    There has been much "hype" about this wonderful place.  A place with food, boxing, and of course drinking.  But when I roll up on my bicycle at 4:45pm on a Sunday I hardly expect a place of this nature to be closed in the early afternoon on a beautiful day as today.  But alas, strike 3! You're out!  And that's only because I count the first attempt as a Ball due to the baseball game.    Recently at a customer service seminar(yes, I am a professional) I was given the statistic that 87% of customers will give a business 2 chances and then never return.  My math states that I've given the Duce twice as many chances and they have failed.  Sorry that I will never be able to taste your delicious drinks, overpriced everything, and lack of parking.

1
0
nMHhuYan8e3cONo3PornJA
First of all, it cracks me up that people are complaining that the only way they could be satisfied with this place is if they were full after spending under $20...if that's your idea of good food then stick with the buffet down the street.  Now to talk about the food.  My first experience here was within the first week of opening.  We each started off with one item and then decided to order more.  We ended up eating way too much food, but I couldn't complain about the price, because if you want quality food, then sometimes you have to pay the price.  Since then I've been back multiple times and I've never been let down.  The soft-shell crab sandwich is a must, and you can't go wrong with the warm duck salad.  The pork sandwich at lunch is a delicate balance with the crispy pork and the light bread that is made just for them at a local bakery.  If you like pork belly, which everyone should, then get the pork belly buns.  I read a 2-star review that complained that this dish was too fatty...IT'S PORK BELLY, not lettuce!    These are just the tip of the iceberg with this place.  After your first visit you will be day dreaming about your food, and anticipating your return.

5
0
