TFVLXgFWcpyyioC-4XeAsw
_9wiSQbsRe0fiVeHQkxygQ
We typically dine here a few times a month and after today I know why, when you wake up craving some greasy Mexican food after a night of drinking some beers. This place is the first that pops into my mind and is the best to indulge that craving for some greasy, yummy, so not good for you Mexican food.   My youngest son finally tried something new today and went with the rolled tacos with no guacamole. The tacos were generously filled with shredded meat like I make at home. Fried to perfection and loaded with melted dripping greasy cheese.    My oldest son and I had the ham breakfast burritos and although I am usually a fan of this, it came out very runny with grease and water from the pico de gallo. The pico de gallo was unevenly cut, my 8 year old knows how to dice better than that. The onions tasted like they were days old and just a second thought. Who knows maybe the pico was a few days old. I make plenty of pico and always use the freshest of ingredients but always make sure I never have left overs because it is always best made the same day.   Husband ate the fish taco as he always does and no complaints as usual except for the pico de gallo tasting like it was old. He always gets it without tartar sauce but he loves the freshness and the crisp ones of the fish mixed with the cabbage and about 2 small cups of red sauce.   Spanish rice was ok today. They used a little too much oil and the rice was soggy and very oily.   All in all might not have been the best meal but I know that I will continue to return. The customer service is always friendly and the restaurant is always clean.

4
0
RSTKhE2C2RaWTsEJ3ULvKw
Took my husband here today for Father's Day and let me just say I won't be back. We went in and had to seat ourselves and maybe 5 minutes later the waitress finally came and gave us menus and took our drink order. The time that it from the time we placed our orders till we got our food was almost 20 minutes and we just kept looking around wondering why it was taking so long to make a Caesar salad with shrimp (was ok, have definitely experienced better) Chicken Parmesan sandwich (was very dry) kids steak (way overcooked) and kids burger (again over cooked) Our waitress never came back and our glasses sat empty on the table until she finally emerged from the back. When she brought us our drinks, my kids had no ice in them and mine had barley any ice at all.   This place had much better service and food in my opinion when it was Trophy's and I believe when their dad still ran it. This was our first experience here since the name change and unfortunately this place that we frequented will no longer have our service. The only perk to our experience  today was that our kids ate free. We could not understand why it would take so long for our food to come out when we were the only ones in there until 2 more families came in. If you are going to have such a slow service, do you think your waitresses could be a little more friendlier instead of making you feel like you were disrupting their day?

2
0
