tGE2OnnPDtUJlPkb2OAOLQ
3R5TPq8jEe5gl_4eG_VEhg
Well, It has a colorful menu board?!  Unfortunately, that's about all Tacos Jalisco has that appeals to me.  I've eaten there twice and the first time the food wasn't memorable (literally, I don't remember it).  The second time the food was so bland it made me want to cry.  I had the gorditas carnitas.  It was hot, but there was absolutely no flavor...or texture.  It was basically hot Mexican mush, and that describes the beans and the rice too.    The staff was friendly, and the place was clean.  I'm not sure if the guy in the corner is selling bootlegged CDs or not, but it seems kinda sketchy to me.  Hans really loves this place, but I am not sold.  At all.

2
0
VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ
I was prepared. Prepared for the wait, and prepared to be unimpressed, but feeling obligated to write a good review because of six degrees of separation.  It's been two years since I've lived in Phoenix and while I was there I never got the chance to eat at this uber-famous world renowned pizzeria that has been featured on Oprah, Martha Stewart, and in Bon Appetit as the best pizza in America.  Not that I didn't want to, I just never got the opportunity to go.  Well, During a mini-vacation to the city of the sun this weekend, I had one thing in mind, and that was to wait the 4 hrs and eat some pizza lovingly made by none other than Chris Bianco himself.  Let me just say this....The Hype?  Believe it!!!  And, it totally is worth the wait.    I have heard stories of loooooooooong lines waiting to get into Pizzeria Bianco.  Stories of lines 4 hours long are not uncommon, and it sounds really dreadful to wait in a line that long.  What does a great businessman do?  He opens a wine bar right next door, cleans up the lot, takes names, establishes a system to let people roam free while they wait, and plies them with wine.  Happy people, problem solved.  Disneyland could learn a lesson or two from the man.  Once you get seated, the waiting is pretty much officially over, you sit, you order, you get food.  And I can not properly describe the glory of this food.  It is the best pizza I have had, ever.  Let me tell you this...I had a slice of pizza in my claw when I came out of the womb.  I've been eating pizza for 41 years!  There were 4 of us, and we ordered the prosciutto wrapped fontina (sublime) and the anti pasta salad, warm, salty, fresh, crazy unique, and  perfect for 4 to share.  We each ordered 1 pizza: 1 Margarita 1 Wiseguy 1 Biancoverde 1 Sonny boy  The pizza cant be described in words.  Chris Bianco brings pizza to a new level.  The combination of flavors is so exquisite,  that no other pizza in the country can compare.  The crust was crunchy and chewy, and I even saw some coming out of the hearth on fire!  You have to experience it yourself, and then once you do, you will know.  Read the menu on the link above to get the idea.  We ended up taking a slice of each home, but that was only because we were obliged to, otherwise there would have been none left.   I had a cappuccino for dessert, and it ended the already perfect experience on a celestial note.  I encourage one and all to go to Pizzeria Bianco if you are ever in Phoenix, but make sure you call me before you go, I don't want to wait any longer than I have to.

5
0
8ZwO9VuLDWJOXmtAdc7LXQ
I had the pleasure of staying at this ultra swanky, mid-century styled boutique hotel this past weekend, and from now on, I will probably stay here every time I go to Phoenix.  From the lobby to the pool to the bar/restaurant to the rooms, The Clarendon is one cohesive design aesthetic.  It's unlike any place you've stayed before.   From the bottom, to the top, here's my review.  The lobby is small but funky.  The friendly staff sit at a smallish desk with silver wallpaper behind them.  Beyond that is the pool with cool water features and color shifting lights changing the water from blue to green to purple and back, comfortable lounge seating is readily available poolside.  A giant jacuzzi is attached to the pool.  The bar /restaurant is just off to the right of the lobby, and features a Mexico influenced menu.  I did have brunch here and the food was pretty good, however it was nothing you couldn't find at any other Mexican restaurant...well except for the chorizo mac'n cheese.  Which I did order and polish off.  The night before we had the horchata milkshakes with amaretto which were super tasty and had cream whipped so stiff it was almost like a dollop of butter floating on top.  mmm  mmmmm.  The whole place is painted in bold primary colors and has interesting  whimsical photography adorning the walls from the purple hallways to the blue rooms.  Our room was massive and had plenty of room for an easy chair which I could have used.  The only seating options are the bed, and a desk chair.  Maybe they spent the furniture money on the giant flat screen TV complete with DVR.  Other room amenities include a cappuccino machine, WiFi, Aveda toiletries, mod lighting, central air, mini bar, carpet tiles, robes, and multiple outlets for plugging in all your recharge-ables.    I wish I could say I got a good night sleep, but I didn't.  I think I am too used to my sagging bed at home, and have a difficult time on a firm mattress.  I woke up with my back hurting each morning.  Ultimately you are supposed to sleep like the dead at a hotel, and this is the major reason The Clarendon doesn't get 5 stars.    Extra coolness points for catering to the gay community, (but don't worry you straight folks.....you're welcome too), and for being centrally located.

4
0
