thK6q6FH2t8HiopRvjzBgw
r7Ge8_c5Y2TXthb4CSjzaA
The absence of flaw in beauty is itself a flaw.  I was in Phoenix for 17 hours a couple of days ago.    It was a perfectly warm day outside, one of those beautiful early fall days in the desert when the sun bathes everything in clear, comforting sunlight.  It felt great just walking around Kierland Commons in the warm, late afternoon sunshine.   My friend chose her favorite sushi restaurant in Phoenix, Shogun, for dinner.  We got there fairly early and sat at the sushi bar.  Looking around, I noticed that I was the only Buddhahead in the restaurant (and I'm only half-Asian).  "This can't be a good sign", I thought.  Don't' get me wrong:  I don't believe that a restaurant operator's ethnicity must match the culinary heritage of the food he serves.  This can't be right.  Food, like human compassion and friendship, transcends race and ethnicity.    My friend ordered most of the items off the menu.  We started with a Sunshine Roll, which was heaping mounds of spicy tuna loaded onto a modified California Roll.  The sauce for the spicy tuna was heavily mayonnaise based, which was a bit odd.  It was different, but tasty and original.  The Wahoo Sashimi in ponzu sauce with sliced cucumbers was light and delicate.  Wahoo is ono in Hawaii and is a white fish that is mild and slightly sweet.  It went well with the citrus ponzu.    The Veggie Roll was odd in that the ingredients didn't blend together at all.  It consisted of cooked asparagus, some kind of weird takuan (pickled daikon radish) that was a bit bitter, kimpira gobou (burdock root), and shisou (mint leaf).  All the wasabi and gari in the world couldn't fix this roll.   We also had Shake Sushi (Salmon Sushi), Octopus Salad, and some edamame.  The sushi here was so far off the beaten path that the tastes were a bit off, they were almost uncomfortable to my palate.  But, it's good to try different styles of food in different settings.  Food doesn't have to be perfect, or authentic, to be enjoyable.

2
0
nsi2a3lRj1-w1FmJ2F1kzQ
Ahhhh...the feel of 24 carat gold on my face...  Walking around Kierland Commons in Phoenix the other day with a good friend, Karen, we noticed that one of the stores in the mall carries La Prairie products, the COS Bar.  We stopped in and asked one of the saleswomen in the store, Barbara, about the La Prairie 24 carat gold product.  One of my wisest, oldest, and closet friends who's living the life in London, Davinchi, told me about an interesting experience he had with this particular skin care product which is made in France.    The product is beautifully encased in a gold cylindrical container that is shaped like a thick, gold-plated, humanoid penis.  Barbara squirted a small amount of the super serum onto the back of our hands.  The serum was clear and viscous.  There were literally tiny, sparkling flecks of gold flakes suspended in the essence that were clearly visible to the naked eye.  Rubbing the serum into my skin with a circular motion, it took a bit of time for it to dissolve thoroughly and to absorb through the outer skin layer.  It left a slightly tacky finish, a slightly golden tinge on my skin, and an earthy, musky fragrance that reminded me of wild vegetation growing in the rainforest.    Barbara allowed Karen and me to apply a small amount of the product to our faces.  We applied it to the base of our foreheads, cheeks, and nose.  Barbara promised that within a few hours we would notice a significant improvement in our skin hue and condition.  Before leaving the COS Bar, I noticed that the 5 inch, penis shaped, gold plated container only contains 1 fluid ounce of product.  And, the price is $570.    We walked around the commons for a bit and eventually forgot about the serum on our faces.  But, later that night in my hotel room while brushing my teeth I looked into the mirror at me staring at me and remembered Barbara's promise.  I looked at every detail of my face carefully, every line, ridge, and undulation, searching for improvement.  Everything looked pretty familiar. I sighed. I sighed a heavy sigh of relief.  I guess I wouldn't want to ever be anyone other than me - that's right, me with all my flaws and my imperfect skin.    I finally noticed that my cheeks seemed to glow in a brighter shade of a golden hue.  But, it was probably because I was happy.  There's no cosmetic that works better than happiness.

4
0
