TI-LRi-kUzi_5pg2N6fT8A
GJp4zTQPPsCEkUitopGfAQ
This place would of got five stars if it wasn't for the horrible club music that they played.  My sweets and I were about to walk out, it was that annoying.  We decided to stay hoping the food would make up for it.  Let me tell you it did.  Everything we had was outstanding.  We started with their signature wings.  The wings were cooked perfect with the right amount of heat and the blue cheese sauce was perfect.  My sweets isn't a fan of blue cheese and he still loved it.  We ordered the ultimate surf and turf which was a 2lb stuffed Maine lobster, a 40oz Porterhouse and two sides. Both the steak and lobster did not disappoint. They were both cooked perfect and the presentation was nice. Everything was pre sliced so it made it easy to dive right in and enjoy.  We ordered the country potato gratin and the baby vegetables and they were both delish.  I think this will be our new go to steakhouse while in Vegas just turn down the horrible club music and play a little ambient already hahahaha!

4
0
9I7aN_mAByif-jstzclb4Q
I have no idea why this place is so popular? How do they have three locations?  These questions boggle my mind.  We ordered the bloody mary after seeing a picture on yelp.  I am always looking for bloodies with fun garnishes.  This one looked fun!  Every garnish was meh.  The cheese seemed like it was going bad, the olives were drying out and the pickle was the worst pickle probably in the history of pickling.  I love pickles! How does one make a mediocre pickle?  I did not think it was possible.  The best garnish was the celery LOL.  Oh, and the bacon was so yuck!  Moving on to the bloody mary.  Nothing special at all.  I ordered a veggie omelette with cheddar.  It was good.  I have had better omelettes.  It wasn't fluffy and the veggies were somewhat greasy.  My sweets had a burger and said it was overcooked and there was nothing special about it.  Like I said, I have no clue what is so special about this place.  All in all don't eat here expecting a fresh over the top delish breakfast.  Expect average truck stop food pretending to be something worth talking about.

2
0
