TMi4vbN2k_B7nJANlsfB1Q
auorqdHiATGZHVd-sd79ZQ
ATTN ALL GLUTEN FREE AND/ OR VEGAN CONSUMERS: eat here and you won't be sorry. Best gluten free pizza I have tried to date so it to is well worth the price. My friend got a vegan pizza and was very happy with it as well. Plus gluten free pasta, gluten free Alfredo sauce made in house as well as vegan and gluten free cheesecake also made in house. This place really is heaven.

5
0
TNtdwb47Nd7bGv1GQfCs9g
I was referred here by my PCP who I had seen for all my well woman visits previously but I had what seemed like recurring yeast infections for months and decided to go to a specialist. Long story short, after more months of needless and unsuccessful attempts with antibiotics and antifungals to "cure" me, the NP, Kim Anderson, was able to make a guess at a diagnosis for my condition (I never even saw Dr. Sodoma). She told me about my condition, which IF it was a correct diagnosis, would be something I struggled with my whole life. Being so young, this is some pretty hard knews to take and she was very uncompassionate and blunt through the entire discussion. When I asked about treatment, she just told me it was a rare condition and she would have to look into it more (not reassuring). All she wanted to do for me was give me a topical lidocaine ointment.  I did research of my own, which I know always sounds bad but I myself am in the medical profession and looked at more than just your typical Webmd.  After researching the treatment information, I asked about other options to which she coldly and condescendingly told me she had never heard about and my only option was the lidocaine and that, "your just going to have to learn to live with it". It is a very hard thing for a 23 year old woman who is about to be married less than a year from that time to hear 'Oh your just going to have to learn to live with your vagina feeling like its on fire and numb it with lidocaine to be intimate', uhm no thanks. I asked to be referred to a specialist and got a referral for a doctor in Phoenix, but ended up going with a nationally recognized vulva specialist in Scottsdale, Dr. Fowler, who had reseach studies and 17 years experience. Now here I am 6 months later not having to "learn to live with it" and enjoying my newlywed life. Overall, Kim Anderson was unprofessional and cold towards me during a very emotional and painful experience.

2
0
3jqOv6re-xPYOg7srmi7tg
This is a great gluten free restaurant! Delicious food, I had a pasta and the garlic cheese bread, both of which were amazing. Even my husband, who isn't gluten free, enjoyed his meal. Also a alot of vegan/ dairy free options! It's so nice to have a place to go to where I can actually eat any of the desserts on the menu!

4
0
