TMpJpZ5He88oVtwA5sVmcQ
CuyNmwDOLeMTrbv2c6rNxA
Welp, let's start off with the name Fine Dining, definitely not a "fine dining" establishment. I understand some places shoot for the whole run down old fashion type look but this placed just looked like it legitimately need a renovation.   I ordered a carnitas burrito $9.25. Figured at that price it would come with sides and/or a fat girthy burrito. When he asked if I'd like to make it a platter for an extra $3.50 I immediately became deflated. "Well what's the platter come with?" I ask. He said rice and beans. Cool, but no thanks on paying extra for the poverty sides. I love margaritas so I decided to indulge. $9.75 later I received a delicious, sweet, mediocre sized margarita with the smallest amount of salt on the rim. This place has nothing on El Zocolo in downtown chandler for their margaritas. No problem paying $10 there for one. The beautiful woman I was with had order a beer but unfortunately he brought the wrong one and he sure had no problem making her feel like it was her fault for ordering the wrong beer. Which she didn't. Dude just needed to listen better. Whatever. Food came out extremely quick, soon enough I'd realize why. I receive my burrito with chopped lettuce and that's it. This little guy had an undercooked tortilla and not very much carnitas. That's it. $9.25 for a tortilla and meat. Awesome. If you want a great burrito go to Los Favoritos and it won't cost you $10. The best part of this dining experience was that we didn't have to pay for the stale chips. Salsa was great tho!!!!  One simple burrito, four small street tacos, one beer and one margarita... $37. I'll let you decide if that sounds worth coming here. Mexican food ain't fancy food. Keep it simple and prices affordable.  Suuuuuper disappointed guys. Come on. At least we know this is not a place for our fancy fine dining exquisite taste in what we think Mexican food should be. Didn't really think it was that easy to mess up a Mexican food dining experience.  NOOOO GRACIAS!!

1
0
9-V10qTfhsH3szgl-zJC1A
Meat jun was on point here. Not greasy and bangin flava. Only downside is the dinner prices. A bit steep. Aside from that I'll definitely be bringing back my Korean bitches. Fa sho.  Now leave Korean Jesus alone!  He ain't got time for your problems!  He busy, doin Korean shit!

4
0
