Tr33mip5iTG8YrDHPeushg
n_HvrTuGUgxXJM0yq39-0g
One star for the decent chicken strips and fries with homemade ranch dressing, and one for the service cause the delivery guy was nice. However, the pizza crust tasted like stale leftover matzah. Then they cut it into little squares and you couldn't pick a piece up without making a mess. All I want is a good pizza pie and cut normal into slices! I just wasted $28 on a med pie and chx strips.

2
0
Xbswoo00rr2qaiiMFjUMqg
I have been a citizen since the opening of Fit Republic back in June 2014. I went religiously for til November then kind of fell off track. I honestly didn't return to class til recently- last week to be exact.   A big part of this gym is the community. You feel a sense of belonging to this exclusive group and it starts with the connection with the trainers and employees. I am one of those people who talks to everyone, so I tend to get to know all the employees. Since my long time off, there has been a complete change in staff and mostly all new trainers/teachers.   I was a little nervous on my first day back especially seeing all new faces but also because I wanted this to be the start of a big journey into losing the weight I gained over the last several months. I ended up meeting a staff member who inspired and encouraged my steps back into Fit Republic that very next day. Her name is Abigail. I went to the juice bar to order a protein smoothie and asked if they still had the booklet of all the calories and sugars in the drinks. Abigail's response was "are you looking for something just low sugar? Do you trust me?" Having just met this person, my instinct was telling me well no, but there was something in her voice that led me to believe she knew what the hell she was talking about.  Abigail made me the healthiest possible drink she could with what the Fit Republic juice bar has to offer. We chatted for a bit and I learned how knowledgeable she is about health and fitness. Her attitude and welcoming charm made me want to come back and keep coming back. And so I did. It is so nice to come into my gym and see people who care so much about what they do. Abigail is definitely one of those people. She has taken the time to get to know me and has given me such great advice on health and wellness. I feel like I can come to her and tell her about my struggles and accomplishments with my weight loss journey.   With all that said, there are so many reasons to be a citizen at Fit Republic- whether it is to be part of a fancy, trendy gym or because the 5 studios offer such diversity in the classes, or because the people make you feel like you are part of a community. Fit Republic is one of the best gyms in the valley and I am glad to be a part of such an empowering and motivating place.

5
0
