tsGVaMP0dlwAc-I2aVOgQw
ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw
In short, our experience here was awful. Food ranged from bad to pretty good. The service was probably the worst I've had in 20+ years of adult dining experience.   The positives about Rock Bottom... The restaurant it's self is a really cool space and it's very clean. There are a ton of great beers on tap. The place is very large and we were able to get seated right away on a Friday night. Some of the food was good.   I dined with a party of six and we ordered a variety of foods... The burgers were just okay. Not particularly flavorful but edible. The onion rings were good. The nacho appetizer was good and the salsa it was served with was very good.  The pretzel sick appetizer was odd... The sticks were not actually pretzels. The didn't look or taste like pretzels, rather like breadsticks. The cheesy jalapeno dip it was served with was good. The firecracker shrimp was very good, definitely the highlight of the meal. The chicken tacos were good. I personally ordered the lobster and shrimp tacos and they were served cold. Not room temperature or lukewarm. They were cold, like they had literally just been pulled from the walk-in.Had they been warm, they probably would have been good. They were served with a side of bland, instant rice and black beans.  The biggest negative about Rock Bottom is by far the service. The service was awful. Although we were seated right away, the server was slow to take our drink order... And slow to return with the drinks... and slow to take our appetizer order... and slow to take our dinner order... And never stopped by to see if everything was okay with our food.  The appetizers came to our table all at once and quickly enough, so there were no issues there.  It then took quite awhile for our dinners to start arriving. Between the six of us, four people had ordered burgers. One burger was brought to the table and then *nothing* else was brought out for 15 minutes... Three more entrees (burgers) were served. And then 5 minutes later, a fifth entree was brought out. And 10 minutes after that (30 minutes after the first entree was brought out) the last entree was delivered (the cold lobster and shrimp tacos). Amidst all of this, I noticed the server did have time to engage in some very public displays of affection (e.g., hugging and kissing) with another server in the middle of the restaurant. Although I did not send the tacos back or complain about them to the server (because who knows how long it would have taken to get a hot order brought out), I noticed on the bill that they had been comped. This tells me that they knew they were serving a bad plate of food and sending out too late. Very odd.   I definitely will not return to Rock Bottom and would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.

2
0
mFBBtUrWMqikBS-Jn-RiIw
This places ticks all the boxes. Great food, great prices, amazing staff. Try the coppa pizza - you won't be sorry. Happy hour is a great deal... $5 drink specials and a select amount of $7 pizzas. I'll definitely be back when I'm in town again.

5
0
