uBftrK4UD8bqMDn_O_U5wg
u6EUXOSFnjxvzLll4D21bA
A group of 6 (4 adults, 2 children) of us came here for dinner before we went to go watch the Nutcracker at the Orpheum Theater. I had looked up sushi places in the area and this one came back with great reviews. After having eaten there, I completely understand why.   We got there as soon as they opened and was immediately greeted by the staff and sushi chefs, which is customary of sushi/Japanese restaurants. Having lived in Japan for 9 years, it's always great to be greeted by the staff in a similar manner. The staff was extremely friendly and answered all our questions. We were met with the same service being the only family there in the beginning and when the restaurant filled up. They make you feel comfortable and you get a sense of pride and that they're happy you came in. We ordered a handful of rolls; more than what could fit on the small tables. Unlike other restaurants that will just bring you everything and have you sort of figure out spacing, they brought out only a few rolls at a time and were patient in waiting until you've eaten what was brought before bringing the next dish. The main chef (who I believe is also one of the owners) came out frequently to check out to see that everyone in the restaurant was doing good and that the food was to their liking. The chefs were also very accommodating to the two children and even asked if could prepare any of the rolls differently for them. Service like that is very appreciated and something you don't see in a lot of other restaurants. The pricing for the rolls were decent and for the quality of the ingredients used, definitely worth it.  If you are going to try any roll, I would recommend the Oh My God Roll. It's quite the presentation, but the flavor combination is just delicious. Their sashimi is melt in your mouth good.  As you leave, all the staff greets you as you leave and the chefs all smile and say goodbye.

5
0
wdCE3h8JECzE1vfU1t2TwQ
My boyfriend and I saw there was a Groupon for the restaurant, so we decided to give it a shot. We've been here twice and both times have been unimpressed. The first time we came for lunch. It was around noon and there were only two other couples in the  restaurant. We were seated quickly and water was brought out promptly, but it took an unreasonable amount of time to get our order taken. We sat there trying to make eye contact with the waitress who didn't seem to be interested. Finally, the hostess came and took our order after about 15 minutes. I got a sandwich and my boyfriend got the breakfast burger. The maple mayonnaise was good on the burger, but the rest of the food was just okay. The chicken on my sandwich was overcooked and a bit dry. On our second visit we decided to go for breakfast. It was definitely busier, but we were seated quickly. Our waiter was friendly and took our orders quickly. We ordered chai drinks which were more milk than actual chai. We mentioned it to the waiter who brought out more chai which helped a little. It still tasted more like watered down milk than chai. As for our food, I got the monkey cakes and the boyfriend got the white flannel. The flannel had a big glob of sour cream on top which seemed to have taken over the flannel. He was disappointed that there were so much big strips of onions and minimal amount of actual potatoes and corned beef. On the menu it said that the monkey cakes had bananas, almonds and coconut. When I got my cakes the first cake had bananas and almonds, but the second cake only had walnuts. Not anymore on the menu did it say walnuts. If they ran out, it would be nice to have been told so. What if I didn't like walnuts? Also, the second cake that had the walnuts was placed under the first cake which seemed like they knew they were in the wrong so they were trying to cover it up.  The service isn't terrible and for the most part the staff is friendly. However, the food didn't seem as good as most of the reviews are raving about. Would we come back? Probably not.

2
0
bSgLOr-6nALPm1-pKZN6NQ
The space is clean and bright. They just opened a couple weeks ago so I would expect nothing less. They bake their breads in house so it smells amazing! The first time I went in I had the almond croissant which was flaky and sweet like a croissant should be. I usually get my croissants from Essence bakery on University, but I might start getting them from Delice since I work across the street. Both bakeries have delicious croissants. The second I went in I wanted to get a crepe but was let down because the cashier said it was only for lunch. I wish they would label somewhere on their menu that certain items can only be ordered for breakfast and others only for lunch. Since I couldn't get a crepe, I settled for the Croissant Eggs Benedict. Even though I didn't get what I had originally gone in there for, the Croissant Eggs Benedict was delicious! The service was good and everyone was very friendly. The only downside, I think, is the situation of the counters. There are two registers you could order from but a weird short wall up front. It's all next to the drink station where you pick up your drinks. It can get a little crowded and confusing the way it's set up.

4
0
