uG3cEBo6Edh6uATRgGZgmA
jNpuJ6fUwgV23Mh_XvTaqg
I love Hub! This is the only place I go to buy jeans. The selection is great, the best part is they have my size! 24' waist, size 0. Hard to find a good pair of jeans that fit. I bought a pair of Nudies from here three years back. The jeans still look barely worn, no rips, the denim isn't faded. I am a firm believer of quality or quantity. Sure the clothes are a bit pricey but it's worth it. All the clothes I buy from here last me years! The customer service is excellent as well. They are always giving amazing suggestions and are great people just to chit chat with. The positive, up beat atmosphere really makes me feel welcomed. I don't live in Phoenix anymore but every time I visit I always hit up Hub.

5
0
qsThMZ3lXWYLN4t08ScsNA
Where do I start? I use to live right down the street and would go to Giant Robot, which was directly next to this wannabe boutique. Every time I was in Frances never a hello, how are you, can I help you? I once even tried on this over priced "fashionable" dress and the girl working there didn't even acknowledge the fact I needed a dressing room. I could of stole it for all she cared. Besides being avoided like the plague, their selection of clothes are awful. Unless you enjoy paying way too much to dress as if you are in an episode of Little House on the Prairie.  Last time my boyfriend was in town he wanted a pair of Tom's. I figured to try my luck here once more. He's a young, attractive man and since the girls seem to deem me as some kind of disease perhaps they wouldn't give him the cold shoulder. Maybe, just maybe they would be friendly. Well once again the store was empty, not a hello or welcome. Just a cold glance. We helped ourselves to the Tom's, admired all the bird merchandise that would fit right into my grandmothers house and decided we had enough of a look. Once at the counter the older woman finally looked at my boyfriend and said "Is that all?". Mind you I was the one paying, she wouldn't even look at me, instead just put her hand out reaching for my card then slide it across the counter back at me. Excuse me but I make a very good income, you should never judge a book by it's cover. These women running this little shop seem to lack the most important part of running a business, customer service! Sadly Giant Robot closed down and I will take my chances driving to HUB Clothing for a pair of Tom's, where my money is always welcomed.   Portlandia has Frances Boutique pegged. "Put a bird on it!", so fitting for this store.

1
0
