uhRoWb_kZNx0ZlaX6HgdQg
W4pNRWFWi6U2P8265s0IPw
I signed my 11-year-old son up to Verve's weeklong film acting class. Each day after class I picked him up and asked, "how did it go?" Each day he said, "It was fun and that he liked it." When I probed a little more, he said that he felt he was learning how to act. I loved hearing that.   I also loved the professional approach the studio took to create an environment that modeled a real working one - one where the actor is paid. The studio sent a call sheet the day before a shoot and incorporated terminology that an actor would hear in a studio employing actors.

4
0
RU_vJ5LjpCyonE9Bb7E0Mw
I've been bringing my son here to do Parkour for about a year, and he and I both love it. The people running it are some of the best, and the atmosphere is friendly, active, and professional. Wifi is free, and Fridays, when my son is parkouring, I get lots of work done.   Earlier this summer, KTR upgraded the main floor area with a super bouncy, blue pad that allows kids to try out some more radical tricks without getting hurt. It also makes for a great dodge ball arena.

5
0
TQGZ2Li-N8jF1M-_6qe_YA
I had been going there for about three weeks, ordering a Weekend Warrior, and everything was fine, until last Friday, June 24, 2016, when I encountered two all too self-absorbed, passively rude, and prevaricating staffers, who claimed they called out my order, "several times."  From the time I ordered my drink, I sat just outside the window from the juice bar counter. If anyone said anything, it was below the decibel level required for human ears.  What's more, I sat there right in front of the two staffers who took my order and made my drink, never moving! They could see me sitting there the whole time, and yet they didn't try to get my attention to let me know my drink was ready.   I didn't want to be pushy and say, "Hey, where's my drink?" But after about five people ordered and left with their drinks, I got up and asked, "Did you forget about me?"   The woman who took my order had this guilty look on her face, and said my drink had been ready for a while and that her partner had called is out "several times."   That reply could not have been more annoying. She could see the drink starting to liquify and me sitting there, waiting patiently, and she did nothing!  I have no intention of going back there - way too much BS for a a $10 drink, with tip, that is OK.

2
0
