uK4puAO7FvLe1j09nl6MiA
OZsTJTWehiVTimQjcZ42aA
ZERO stars. I brought my $600 Swiss army watch in as I needed to have a number placed back on the dial after a drop. Should have been a quick, cheap job. I jut picked it up and it looks like crap. There is excess glue all around the numbers, which they say "I have to live with". As I was making my case with the Asian lady who owned the place, one of the other workers was snickering in the background.   Not only that, this simple job took 3 weeks to complete as they had to send it to California to fix because they did not have to tools to put the watch back together. Worst of all, the crown/pin was not attached properly and is loose. This place needs to be put out of business.   Bottom line, Do not trust them with your jewelry even for seemingly simple jobs.

1
0
uEW1NwL9h5N0zI2Ip9UKrQ
I went there with my mom right after moving in, because it is the closest restaurant to my place, and we had heard some good things from my real estate agent.  The chips and salsa were pretty standard, if a little bland.  Little did i know that the blandness would only continue.  I had steak fajitas, and I swear, they were completely unseasoned.  While there is something to say about enjoying the taste of the meat, the steak used was not exactly USDA prime.  My mom had the spinach enchiladas, and she said they were flavorless as well.  The worst part, is that the large helping of refried beans I had in my plate, had several uncooked beans that were, in fact, crunchy.    This Mexican restaurant that messed up standards like refried beans and steak fajitas does not have a repeat customer here, despite its proximity.

2
0
AvuWSAwTGWtW5zoD-pJLUQ
I agree with the other reviews.  I am embarrassed to say that I used frequent the Hair Cuttery and Great Clips, and have been to a few expensive salons in my day... but nothing compares to getting a haircut at an old school barbershop.  The barber definitely knows what he is doing, and takes his time to make sure every hair is cut to a proper length.  He must have rechecked the cut at least 3 times, and the haircut took close to 30 minutes.  As far as conversation, we didn't have any.  I believe the man was foreign (likely Italian), however I did not mind the lack of conversation.  In fact, I found it refreshing.    At $16, it is priced very reasonably.  With the care the barber puts in, and the little details like the warm towel, and massage, this place is well worth it.  When it comes to haircuts, nothing beats consistency.  While I have only been here once, I am sure this place will deliver.

5
0
