Um0l3uhHRmStRi0zRAW9ZQ
ZJQTfiVVsgv5t5kYwHlIbA
I brought my Galaxy S4 here because the power/lock button had started to malfunction and the phone wouldn't boot. They quoted me $70 but said they would do a full diagnostic for free to make sure that was the culprit - 24-48 hours estimated. I get a phone call the same day that it's ready (they skipped the diagnostic and went straight to repair it seems) and that they used "customer supplied parts." That's weird, I didn't supply any parts, I say, and what happened to the diagnostic? The person on the phone says something I can't really understand as an explanation and that they can undo the repair if I don't want it, but that it's only $50. I tell them I do indeed want my phone fixed and that I'll come pick it up.  I've had this S4 for almost 2 years and have been very particular about keeping it safe - always in a case, always with a screen protector. It was in nearly immaculate condition when I dropped it off, with one tiny indent on a bottom corner. I would find it excusable if I got it back with a new scratch or two, but what I got back hardly resembles my own phone. Specifically, the outer bezel is completely destroyed - it has this silver finish to it that shows scratches very easily, and it looks like it's been put through the dryer a couple of times.  Very upset as you can imagine, I ask the cashier, "what happened to this - where is my old one?" He assures me that they didn't replace anything and that this is how they received it. I reassert that this is absolutely not how it was brought in to the cashier, and he then went and got the tech that performed the work, who reiterated that he did not replace/remove the bezel or alter any parts, and that this was a case of "he said/she said." I am very angry but pay the $50 anyways seeing as there's nothing I can do to prove it. So here I am with a ruined but functional phone, writing an angry review.  So, if you're going to use this place, take photos of your items before bringing them in.  Edit 2/24/15: Their customer service is definitely on their game though. Not even 24 hours later, and they've called to see what they can do. It's going to take a couple of days for the parts but they have offered to fix it. Very respectful and cordial over the phone. I'll update once the repair is done.

1
0
DvyNwfvF42G5ZU8vNBokhQ
As a guy, finding vintage clothing is usually pretty tough.. Not so at Antique Sugar. Their men's selection is the largest I've seen in the valley. Their new location at 2nd St and McKinley in downtown Phoenix is beautiful and feels polished while still retaining the charm of their old location. The building is still incomplete on the outside at the time of writing this, but don't be fooled - they're open. The friendly service is still just as friendly. Definitely go check them out!

5
0
