umPnMjPk4HVq4Ht4CgOAUw
GujeCcaNnwxXcz9NGPbaoA
I am absolutely in love with this yoga studio! All of the instructors are wonderful and I admire their different teaching styles. They all really take the time to help you make the correct adjustments and alignments during each practice.   I'm pretty new to yoga and was nervous about trying it out but they had a great groupon available which made it hard not to give it a try. I never knew how much I'd love yoga until I came to the Yoga Hangout. I was so hooked after my groupon expired that now I've been a member for almost a year and go about 4 times a week. I look forward to going every time! It really is hard for me to pick a favorite class because you really can't go wrong.  The studio itself is small and intimate with two good sized rooms. In one room they hold barre classes as well as hang yoga. The other room is used for Flow and Goddess yoga. The girls at the front desk always greet me with a smile and always call me by my first name. I just really love this place and can't find any reasons to try anywhere else!

5
0
DfnrwbG1DP-nFi8Aj1LRyA
This place was really delicious! We got two cheese and beef cheese crisps for our two kids. One could have easily been shared between them though. They were pretty big. My husband got the beef, cheese and bean burrito and he really liked it. He said that the beans were really flavorful! I got the chicken, potato and cheese burrito which was awesome! But when they say that their chicken is spicy, believe it! It was pretty spicy and I can usually handle spicy stuff. It was delicious though. And whatever brand of tortillas they use are so good! I must say, we also really enjoyed hearing how much fun the guys that work here were having together. They were singing along to their music and just seemed really happy to be there doing what they do. It puts out a really nice vibe. You don't see that at too many places these days. Great place, definitely recommend!

4
0
dl7oKJGewXUSL4sfyg6snQ
We went to this restaurant yesterday for Mother's Day and have to say that we were not impressed one bit. We arrived shortly after the Mother's Day brunch ended and at that point the place was pretty empty. We made reservations a week prior but upon arrival they told us that our name was nowhere to be found in their reservations. It didn't really bother us at that point due to the fact that it wasn't busy but it was still surprising to hear! So we decide to sit outside and again the outdoor seating was empty. There were 4 adults and 3 children in our party. After receiving the menu my husband decided to order the calamari as well as the artichoke and spinach dip for everyone to share. The calamari came with two dipping sauces and was pretty good. The artichoke dip came with about 5 slim toasted bread slices. I'm sorry, but I couldn't even call it a dip. It was basically a smear of artichoke and spinach on a small plate. I think all 4 of the adults only had a few bites because that's all that it served. So that was disappointing! After that, we all decided on our entrees. My sister in law and my husband ordered the Mahi Mahi tacos, I had the shrimp tacos, and my mom had some chicken with what looked like some rice pilaf. We were all so disappointed with our food! All of the tacos were served with guacamole smeared on soggy corn tortillas which it didn't mention in the description. It mentioned salsa Verde which was nowhere to be found unless that's what they're calling the guacamole. If that's the case, they have that wrong.  And because my sister in law hates avocado, she had to have her tacos remade for her. The tacos came with a small side of cilantro rice which sounded good on the menu but was actually terribly crunchy as if it wasn't cooked entirely. The corn in the rice also threw me off because that was also not mentioned in the description on the menu. I attempted to try it but it was so terrible. The shrimp itself had good flavor and was prepared well. I tried one of my husband's fish tacos and it was soggy with a bland flavor. If the fish is supposed to have been fried in a batter, that's not how came out at all. My mom said her chicken was also extremely dry. My daughter's cheeseburger came out looking like it came from a cafeteria. My son ordered chicken fingers and they looked like they came out of the frozen food section. Yuck! Our service was also extremely slow which didn't make sense since the place was pretty much cleared out. We decided to try some dessert and to our surprise this part was pretty tasty! We had the lemon cheesecake and creme brulee. All in all, this place only had dessert going for them. We were highly dissapointed with rest of our meal. I'm sad so say that we won't be back! My mom and I had been here once on two different occasions and had really good experiences with excellent food but this time around threw us in the complete opposite direction. This was the first time for the rest of our family and they all had a look of dissapointment on their faces as they tried their food. We really wanted to like this place but based on our current experience we will be writing this restaurant off on our list of places to eat. Maybe we got the short end of the stick after their brunch rush but it still doesn't make it right to slack on the rest of the meals that they serve.

1
0
