umqPs_fLDI1eqxK9nseuhg
3YTW5lq-s-vNI640l-qm_Q
Easily one of my favorite places to eat in tempe, I go here at least once a week if not more.  Good prices for college kids (especially the greek special) and super awesome food.

5
0
E2t7lj_dtgy4r63lt73LYw
My roommate and I signed a lease for 13 months at Colonial. I must say, for the time we were living there, it was great. The location, amenities and space make the price very competitive. The gym is great, the pool and volleyball court are a lot of fun, and there's even a nice area to grill. The maintenance team is awesome and quick to help with anything that needs fixing. I was loving living here, and would have given a 5-star review, all up until it was time to move out. That's when everything went downhill...  As the date for moving out approached, I went into the office to give some notice that we would not be renewing our lease. I went in about a month ahead and found that if you fail to give them at least 60 days notice of intent to move out, you're automatically renewed at a month to month rent price (which is more than double what you are already paying), and obligated to pay this price for the next 60 days. My roommate and I had no idea, and it became a nightmare working this out. The other issue we had was with getting our deposit back. We had our walk through and signed paperwork detailing that we were in the clear and completely free of any damage charges, so we expected most of our deposit back. About a month after moving out, we received a check for a mere $25 with absolutely no detailing of what the deposit had been used for. I have attempted to contact management multiple times to find out where the rest of our $225 went, but can't seem to get a reply.   Overall, the complex itself is nice, but after feeling like we were scammed, I would encourage all who look at living here to read and refer back to your leasing contract often, and cover these items before signing. I hope this review helps save someone the trouble my roommate and I experienced!

2
0
