utz25Bv-s9ekyREtVOErZw
DXkZRQ--Utku9wYbZ97Yjw
The bouncers here are so power hungry. They do what they want and don't give a flying eff about what you have to say.  I pointed at one of the dancers with my pointer finger and accidentally touched her when she swinged around. It was not a grope. It was not a slap. The tip of my finger literally tapped her leg. A bouncer immediately escorted me out of the club just as the main performer got on stage. I was confused at first so I followed him out. When I got out he told me the dancer supposedly said I was making her feel uncomfortable. I am a 5 ft 0 in short Asian GIRL. It was an accident and there was barely any contact. The bouncer said she could press charges for assault. ASSAULT? Are you kidding me? You make 10 times more contact with people just by walking through a crowd! I understand they have to protect their dancers, but the frustrating part was that they didn't give a poop about what I had to say. I was keeping my cool, just asking what I did wrong and when I realized everything I said was going in one ear and out the other, I gave up. I asked calmly if I could just wait for my friends to come out. They threatened that if I didn't leave immediately, they would call security to escort me out. I asked again if I could just sit to the side and wait. They said no and called security. I guess an upset looking girl is bad for business. Once I was outside they told me to get off their private property. I couldn't take a taxi because my friends had all my money. I told them I had no where to go since they wouldn't let me wait for my friends and if they wanted me to leave they would have to pay for my taxi. They told me no, threatened me some more, and told me to walk 5 miles to my hotel. Luckily my friends came out as I started to walk home and we all left together.   I will never go to this club ever again. I am not so much upset about getting kicked out. It is their attitude that pisses me off. All I wanted to do was to wait for my friends. They would rather send a girl to walk home at 1 am all by herself than to just let her wait in the casino? I don't see them telling me to get off private property earlier that day when I came there to spend my money. Or how about the thousands of people who go in and out of their casino everyday? I was just going to sit there and wait. What's the big deal? You're a security guard ok, not secret service. Get off your high horse.

1
0
l593y9KEguq1JWVFcaL1DQ
The clubs are closing. I'm starving, my feet are killing me, but I will drag myself to Ellis island for their steak and eggs combo if it kills me. It's worth it. The steak is just ok. It's what you should expect for the price. Passable. The eggs are.... Well, eggs. Not much to critique. The real star of the combo is actually not even in the name. It's the potatoes! I am in love with these breakfast potatoes! They're super crispy on the outside, almost like French fries -- the kind that leave an air bubble on the inside because they've blistered while crisping up. They get kudos for staying open late and extra brownie points for having cheap and tasty potatoes. I just wish the service could pick up the pace, and spruce the place up a bit will ya?

4
0
9fGxEf8l0sy3apteLBx6pg
I usually never buy food at the airport, but I'm so glad I did today. Something caught my attention about this place when I walked by and I did a quick yelp search. When I saw they have another location in Scottsdale with 4.5 stars, of course I had to give it a try. This isn't your typical Dreyers variety ice cream. They have "artisanal" ice cream with flavors like peanut butter chip, real mint chip (it's not green!), and their most popular flavor is salted butter caramel swirl. I sampled the almond butter crunch and didn't need to sample anything else. This was it. The ice cream has the perfect amount of sweetness. There are whole almonds mixed in, and I just about died and went to heaven when I bit into a whole chunk of toffee. At $2.95 for a single scoop (a pretty small one) I wouldn't say this is completely unreasonable, especially for it being at the airport. I wish I forked over another $1.50 for a double scoop though. One definitely wasn't enough. I came to AZ for a dental school interview, and I think I might choose this school just to come back for this ice cream!  This location is at the airport in terminal 4, next to gate B4.

5
0
