uw6D9O2ogG-dO1nI2vC3Dw
mIendFH3mc2E4dW03rgvfQ
I like the fact that this Walmart is close to my house and I also like the fact that they put up shade roofs on the parking lot,but unlike the walmart near 83rd ave Peoria and on Union Hills 83rd. This walmart's parking lot is very dirty, carts are unorganized, most of the carts I get are either sticky or the wheels on it are not properly working.There are also people begging for money on the parking lot. The parking lot area is full of water bottles, cans and just ppl throw their garbage on the parking lot as well. The Auto Service people are nice,but the service itself is horrible. I took my car for an oil change here waited about 30 minutes and told me they couldn't do it because they sold out of the oil filters for my car then told me to go to an Autozone to pick one up so I did. Came back waited another 30 minutes I was told that they couldn't get my oil cap off which was really odd. I left and went to Sears Auto Center and did the job within 20 minutes. A little more expensive,but was well worth it. Overall shopping experience here is good since they leave the self check out areas open late at night instead of having one cashier taking care of 8-10 people.  Other than this place I love to go to the Neighborhood walmarts on 51st ave Olive and on 67th ave Olive no complains about those ones.

2
0
v9_MNjWori0tLWErWP7y2g
To be honest this spot is my favorite place to go for if I'm craving boba which is practically everyday the menu is filled with amazing drinks and it pretty much speaks for itself,meaning if you got a vanilla bean snow,watermelon,Thai tea,taro or etc you're going to taste the pure flavors in the drink. The drinks are made fresh and what I've heard few customers don't have the patience to wait for a drinking order,mind you everything is made to order fresh,it's the quality of the drink that takes time to make the boba taste good which is absolutely worth it. You won't be disappointed if you order something and takes a few mins but once you get it it's top-notch! I love the new and out coming drinks they've created which is why I always come back. The owners are very friendly,nice and welcoming. The staff is also hardworking and friendly.Practically the whole team at Bomboba are great they take the time to help you out,offer you suggestions and ask if you enjoy your boba. Which I sorta never encountered at other boba spots. Next the food is pretty good also,I'm a huge foodie and I never get let down when I order a different type of food when I go there. The egg rolls,pad Thai,shrimp dim sum and everything else is good. I do wait about 25mins for the food to be cooked that's no biggie,be reminded that there are other order being processed and other meals being cooked dont expect your food to be handed out right away kind of gives you a hint that it wasn't cooked fresh, key word (patience and taking time) that's why everything is cooked fresh and hot to order. I'm not being generous with giving my review 5stars it's a personal experience and I've never been upset or let down when it came down to this place. I appreciate the atmosphere,workers,owners,food and especially the boba!!! I'm a true loyal customer my boyfriend and daughter enjoy coming here it's our "home away from home" if I must say

5
0
