UyV73Ul1bqQfe4wMe9J4BA
3HciJAVduCRoPDdzgh7cAA
If you're deciding about whether to shop at Plato's Closet or this gem, PICK HERE! Not only is the store massive, the employees are super friendly and sweet.   I was immediately greeted with a smile when I came in and was consistently helped throughout my visit. They have a fantastic selection of a variety of clothes.   Only downsides are that parking is an absolute nightmare being in the heart of Tempe as well as some of the pricing. Sometimes you can find items that are absolute steals, other times items that are priced very highly for the quality. Being as the clothes are used, I don't really expect to be paying anywhere near retail prices regardless of brand.  Other than that I highly recommend this store. You'll always find great finds and be helped by great, enthusiastic employees.

4
0
NRjz0_SjSqNbIoXWGnlp7w
First off I'd like to say that the clothes at Plato's closet are great. You get Ross/TJ Maxx/Marshall's prices but with better, trendy clothes. But unfortunately the clothes are not enough to keep me coming back to this store.  What's lacking at Plato's closet is their customer service, as many reviewers have pointed out. The young girls that work there are downright rude and unfriendly. Every time I step into Plato's closet I instantly feel unwelcome and like I don't belong there. The sales associates never greet me (or anybody for that matter) and I felt like they were giving me the up-and-down as soon as I stepped into the store.  I'm an 18 year old girl who's a senior in high school. Isn't that the demographic they're aiming toward?   My experience here yesterday was the worst. I had come into sell some clothes and put the cash towards something new. While I was looking around the store I could hear the sales associate making fun of the clothes I had brought which made me feel inferior and again, unwelcome.   I took the cash they offered me and was rang up by what appeared to be the owner. She was friendly enough, especially compared to the associates, but still gave off that fake, Scottsdale mom vibe that I just can't stand.  I will mention that the sales associate, Ines, was very friendly and helpful. She was the only person there that I wasn't afraid to talk to and she made it very easy to get a dressing room. She answered all my questions with a smile. Very sweet girl.  My advice for you Plato's closet? Put your associates through some major customer service training! They need it! If that doesn't work, hire some new associates that aren't stuck up, snobby little rich girls. Find some girls that are both stylish, down to earth, and have actual customer service skills. It'll help your business tremendously in the long run.

2
0
