uzEls2fkJZPUH050rON2pw
lvs-_6i0mjahtOvOvmhNKg
Is "Arizona's Best BBQ" hidden behind Famous Dave's BBQ in Peoria? Well, yes and no. The sign out front boldly declared it but I'm not too sure myself...  Personally, I'm often a bit of a contrarian as in I like to look for the non-obvious. In my continual quest to find something redeeming about Peoria, I find a BBQ place tucked behind Famous Dave's and right next to Arrowhead Harley- so I figure that this'll be my hidden gem, right? I mean, a small BBQ place literally behind a chain operation like Famous Dave's has to either *really* bring or they'll soon be out of business, right? Well... not to be mean but something tells me that there will be a space for rent in not too long...  Not that anything was really terrible. The staff was friendly enough. I ordered the half-rack of ribs with two sides. It was $14. Sure, there were lunch sandwiches in the $7-$9 range but BBQ to me means ribs. And for $14 in a "hole in the wall" place should be large portions and fabulous. I really can't say it was either. And I wanted to like it. The portions were OK but not $14 in size or quality. I almost wanted to hit up Chipotle on my way out of Arrowhead... I'd definitely skip this place...

2
0
6YWp7frmHKuPLYSlPyUdsw
Would have to agree with Rana A below... I think she said it best  Actually, I had several folks tell me this place was lousy before I went... it even fell below my already low expectations...  Given that I just left the real Barcelona (in Spain)- part of me was truly crying inside that night. OK, I gotta admit- everytime I tell someone I was just in Barcelona (the city) and they say "you mean the one in Scottsdale" there is a part of me that wants to just pack my bags and fly back...

1
0
7cP7WFmWiTVh-raIL3N_Vw
Being new to Phoenix, I'm glad to find a nice little spot like the Roosevelt. Decent decor, decent menu, and surprising chill for a Saturday night. Employees were cool, patrons were fun in that slightly random way, and it was a good time for all. We even headed back after Bar Smith was a little disappointing...  Admittedly, I just got to Phoenix after being in... let's see... Barcelona, London, Budapest, LA, and Mexico City over the last year... On the other hand, I'm stuck out in Glendale/Peoria where I think TGI Friday's may pass for cool (sorry Glendalians but we know it's true). So the whole Phoenix scene was really starting to disappoint...  Nontheless, I'll be doing a lot more exploring downtown.. :-)

4
0
