v8hWtY3W4e5tbEpgIxXxtA
DXBPI8rR9f_IthOGPDWoIQ
We went here because Shannon N. said it was the best mexicanfood ever and boy was she right. By far this was the best mexican meal and the best meal we've had in Phoenix area.  The hostess was great reseating us when we didn't like the back room for our group of 6 but she found us a great spot for a great night.  Chicken enchiladas, chicken chimichanga, soft shelled tacos ( ground beef) chili rellenos and 3 baskets of fresh chips and salsa, proved to be one of the best meals since we've been on vacation here in Phoenix! Shannon was right this will be a favorite of ours for healed to come.

5
0
gY6AhCy22G9yFlAGu9vMFQ
Now this restaurant I can get into. We hit it for lunch the other day after reading yelp reviews. It's in a strip mall, like a lot of places here in Phoenix which was a surprise because at noon, the strip mall barely appeared to be open. The restaurant was just filling up. As soon as we walked in the door the woman greeted us with a nice big hello and a "sit wherever you'd like".  The table had a BBQ chicken pizza, meatloaf, salad and chicken salad sandwich. Everything was good, service, quickness of food to our table, the refilling of the water and our check was on time. One drawback was the male waiter or possibly the owner (?) who was talking to tables, using the word "dude" all the time he was LOUD and I couldn't wait for him to leave the floor.

4
0
WwTK9w1qu4h28a63gFz25A
I didn't find this place anything special.  We opted, all 6 of us, for the 29.99 early dining special which we knew resulted in smaller portions but didn't realize that we'd be treated like peasants because we all ordered off of the early dinner menu. Mind you we were the only patrons at a table while the bar area was full of golfers who came in from the course to drink and get apps.   Food was mediocre too. The prime rib was TOUGH! Desserts were good, Caesar salad dressing was very very anchovy salty and I LOVE anchovies.   Hostess had an edge to her. Not sure if it was a cultural thing but just rubbed me the wrong way. I would so never go back.

2
0
