vD4IPP9x-vQikKNNGoKiLw
oxMZQXQWvlgmDR-K6z7fqg
When I go to eat at a restaurant, the last thing I expect, NOR DESERVE, is to be YELLED AT. I have food allergies, and I was actually excited to see a meal I could order that I was able to eat. However, when I started to order, the waiter tried to help me out by saying an alternate dish may have been a better option, when in fact I would have received one less side dish for the same price...   The worst part (and my personal WORST EXPERIENCE EVER) was the fact that he started to get confusing with the side orders. There were clearly two included with the meal, and the meal description said you could get two additional sides. So... I told him I wanted fruit and then the desert. But then he tried explaining that wasn't the sides I could order... either way, he started to get VERY FRUSTRATED. He then proceeded to pick up the other "main" menu and SHOVE IT IN MY FACE, to show me the side dishes I could actually choose from. ****FIRST OF ALL, I DO NOT DESERVE the lack of respect that you showed me. Second, you need to control your own stress and frustrations to provide PROPER CUSTOMER SERVICE to your customers. I am a graduating senior from ASU, going into medical school, and am quite capable of ordering my food. YOU DO NOT NEED TO TALK DOWN TO ME, GET FRUSTRATED, RAISE YOUR VOICE, AND SHOVE A MENU IN MY FACE!!!*****   Honestly, the whole situation made me end up crying because I was so thrown off by this whole experience, and I did not need my MORNING ruined. If you can't handle busy mornings (at a breakfast joint) then you need to find yourself another job that involves less stress and NO exposure to customers. You were extremely rude, and completely ruined my experience at the restaurant. I will not be returning, and I will advise others not to.   We notified the manager. He spoke with the waiter, and said he would speak with him again later. *If* this store knew customer service, they would have DEFINITELY given me my meal free. Instead they made me charge full price. Um... excuse me?   Overall a horrible experience (the worst I've experienced... and that says a lot coming from a student who has a lot of allergies). My order was not even complicated AT ALL. And, what's even more hilarious is the fact that I ended up ordering EXACTLY WHAT I TOLD HIM THE FIRST TIME!!! Obviously he needs to get his s**** together, get his temper under control, and maybe cut back on the bacon to help your blood pressure get back to normal.   If you're looking to get some decent breakfast, you're better off going to iHop on Apache!!!!

1
0
WSXBHnzrmSqo-Tti-3HaPw
I had my makeup done for my wedding day- we ended up running late and the lady made sure to help me check out in time so I could make it there on time! She went out of her way- which was very much appreciated.

4
0
nMwpNsOSKV7PCqiblhZo0Q
Purchased a Serra mattress and moving bed frame- it's awesome!!! It's very handy to be able to prop it up and watch TV. Also use the zero G mode to help relieve stress on body spine and joints when it's time to sleep. Kendrick was very helpful and willing to go the extra mile- positive attitude and very thorough knowledge about the products!

5
0
