VfKmt0UF0r9gmZZkRzklTQ
XA-mMT47rFZNEllPBCYWQQ
walking in, the atmosphere was already negative, probably from slow & bad service. it was not a very busy time of day (I went in around 5:30) but it took about 15-20 minutes for me to finally get served. When it was my turn, the employee member (busy with an online order) did not greet me, and completely ignored me as he attempted to fill an online order, dropping the online order form, & a fellow employee took off his glove, picked up the form off the dirty ground, placed it on the counter where food is placed, put on a new glove, & continued work without washing his hands. When I was finally attended to, the negative environment between coworkers was evident as the employee that picked up the online order form was rude & yelled at the employee currently serving me simply for telling him that I had a quesadilla (so he would put cheese into) then threw a ridiculous amount of cheese in my quesadilla and did not spread it around so part of my quesadilla had no cheese and other parts had so much cheese the middle of it was not yet melted, then that same man put cheese on my tacos (without asking me) then when he went to wrap it, asked if it was a quesadilla, I said no, & without apologizing for ruining my order or offering to remake it, asked me what else I wanted with a rude attitude (& when I asked for salsa, his portions were minuscule). there was no communication or respect between the workers, the portions were horrible, the service was ridiculously slow (there were 2 people working the line & you could see workers in the back doing nothing), & the experience was not to chipotle standards. worst chipotle I've ever been to! go out of your way to go to another chipotle because this chipotle gives it a bad rep & is not worth the money.

1
0
JeFDGdm4N8vHe2PnRHBBFQ
super nice crew members! their steak tastes absolutely AMAZING!!! they give great portions & the goal tastes amazing all together! one of the best chipotles I have ever been to, & I am very picky about my chipotles!!!

5
0
