VkJABI98jsm2gtugqpTU3A
iOvBH_NczhWWvsNP4vmy-A
I discovered this place during my daughters jiu jitsu class which is across the street. Thai tea has become my latest obsession so I was excited to find that it Was nearby. The Thai tea drink is very flavorful just like the ones I've had in California  :P also tried the honeydew which I loved as well. I'm now a regular customer since my daughter wants to stop by after every class, she loves the chocolate glazed anything! The place is kept very clean and the owners are very friendly and always give my kids such sweet smiles!

5
0
9QE1yP6sWmwBvpolg5zItw
If I could give this place 0 stars I would. It seems like the other reviews on here are all from family or friends...they speak about this place as being professional and friendly. I received the complete opposite treatment from here.   I took my daughters to get a haircut here some time back. It was their first haircut and like any other normal kid, they were nervous. Well I walk in and tell the lady I need haircuts for my two girls. She said ok and told us to have a seat it would be about 15 minutes. So we waited until we were called.   So my daughter sat down and the lady starts brushing her hair, she starts whining a little and the lady asks me if I can tell her to be quiet because the owner of the salon is there in the other room with another customer and they don't want to be disturbed. Wtf?! Um excuse me, I too am a customer! Right then I knew going there was a mistake. So I asked her, you cut kids hair too right?  (with my daughter already sitting in the chair ready to go..)She explains, yes we do but only if they stay quiet and don't move. Again WTF?  What kind of salon is this I asked her? She continues to explain, well the owner is kind of moody and she dislikes noise in her salon as she's trying to make this an upscale massage and hair salon and has customers in the next room.  I stand there dumbfounded -.-  The next 20 minutes consisted of my daughter being shushed by the lady cutting her hair and the owner kept coming out of the room giving us dirty looks. Mind you, my oldest daughters hair was being cut, she is timid and not loud at all! She did not cry, she was a nervous and expressed herself! Lord knows what would have happened if I had stayed and had my younger, louder daughters hair cut!    Some advice to the owner, I highly suggest you SMILE and change your attitude towards your customers. Customer service is key when owning a business and striving for its success...and from what I've seen you are lacking in that area. The previous owner always had that salon packed...hmm I wonder why? Maybe because they were friendly?? No one wants to go back somewhere where they feel awkward and unwelcome. Another tip...if you are trying to go for an upscale business look...maybe, just maybe, having your business next door to a Food City isn't such a great idea. Sure your salon may be furnished nicely but initially what attracts customers isn't the decor.. Good luck and God bless.

1
0
