VWMZgH5aoscaI9uqkmfk4g
x_MCZPQ9G-IsDnwkJBceIQ
We heard that Scottsdale the place to find good eats in the area. Most of the non-chain restaurants are located around here and if I had more time, I TOTALLY would have wanted to explore Old Town more!!  Italian Grotto is a cute restaurant with waiters that don't really smile except when you're on your way out the door.  There was no wait here on a Wednesday night around 7:30!!   Here is what I ordered: 1. Calarmari - It was okay. More fried batter than there was squid, but the pieces that DID have squid were good. THe batter is not too heavy and is fluffy like tempura batter..no that was decent.  2. Garlic Bread - for 2 slices for bread drenched in garlic butter, $8 was a hefty price for what it was. too buttery and not enough bread!  3. Eggplant/Mushroom Parm - This dish was a disaster. It came out with a side of spaghetti and the eggplant mushroom part of the entree was wrapped up in a shitload of cheese. It was, for all intents and purposes, a cheese pocket with ridiculously thin slices of eggplant and 7 pieces of mushroom shoved into it. It wasn't even good cheese..it was cheap cheese that was cold when it reached the table and similar to pizza cheese that had been refridgerated overnight. Blech.  4.Tiramisu - This is the only reason I would ever return to this restaurant..it was AWESOME! I like the tiramisu where it is like biting into a sweet coffee cloud. I would come here and order 5 slices of tiramisu next time because this was the only part of the meal that impressed me..   2 stars for the tiramisu..hip hip hooray!!

2
0
2VpSPb8IVXNqyVY5n7caGg
Wow, so this place sucks..even WITH a handicap for being airport food. Here is why:  1. Only has 1 cooler with salads and sandwiches + a variety of sodas and water 2. It is ultra expensive and is about the size of my closet. 3. My Cobb salad lettuce appeared to be unwashed 4. The bleu cheese crumbles had melded together into a lumpy ball that I could literally lift with my fork.  Helpful tip: Do not fall pray to this CPK kiosk. Eat BEFORE you pass through the security line!!

1
0
BqD7X5CHXnJ14YbBBlLx1w
Rolled up to Julian Serrano for a bachelorette party here with 13 other girls and it was the CRAZIEST dining experience I have ever participated in!  The reviews on Yelp raved about the paella, but we were short on time and couldn't afford the extra 30 minutes...so we were trying to figure out the best selections for a group our size especially given our time crunch.  We finally decided on the pre-fixe menu and the GM came over with his own recommendation. He said he'd do something special for us similar to the pre-fixe menu...he just said "Trust me".  Holy eff.  We gave the go ahead and it wasn't long before our heads were whirling with a flurry of arms and dishes swarming around the table. He literally had us try everything on the menu and plates and plates were whizzing by. I looked around the table and all the girls were eyes-forward, head-down just eating as quickly as humanly possible. We had sliders, kabobs, skewers, ahi, meatballs, etc etc and it was incredible.  The entire waitstaff was incredibly nice (most were incredibly good looking too), and the food kept coming at a comfortable level, where it was fast, efficient.. but not stressful! lol..  They also hooked it up with a sampling of all their desserts...and oh snaps, we were so SOO happy with the line-up. mmMmMmmm..  everything together cost a bit more than the pre-fixe especially cuz we had drinks (Sangria!!) and cocktails...totally about $80-85 per person. SO. Worth. it!

4
0
