w2c5ivEXUYOoI5T7lpF9WQ
dPg69r5nLzEmug0OvNfkmQ
My wife orders here every 6 months or so since they make gluten free pizza.  She got her pizza with green chilis instead of green peppers.  I decided to order wings and they are the worst wings I've ever had.  They had the consistency of jello. That could be because they took an hour longer than promised to get delivered.  If you think of using this Dominos, have more respect for yourself.  Even a homeless person shouldn't eat this @#$%.

1
0
HRWsOcufom_GUozto9ac0Q
Los Olivos has had a major resurgence in the past 10, even 5 years.  There are many amenities that have been added or upgraded in the past three.  And this part of town has also improved.  Marie mentioned that there aren't 500k houses across the street?  To the east of the park though a 2k sq ft home sold for 490k.   3028 E Glenrosa is selling for 499k at 1800 square feet.  Then there is one on 29th place just north of the park for 760k (4435 N. 29th place) and finally 2912 E Turney for 775k.  No I'm not a real estate agent, but I did just move to this area and Los Olivos was a really big draw.  It has new luxury condos going up on the west end of it on 28th St with rents from 1,200 to 2,200.    Don't be surprised if the shopping center anchored by Sprouts gets some better dining options.  Some of the sketchy looking multi-family mid-century apartments are being fenced and dozed for some pretty swanky modern and urban feel town homes.    This park is enjoyed by diverse social-economical varieties (which is great), but an ever increasing middle-to-upper middle class millennials, families and young retirees are calling this park their home.  It gets five stars for the - Amazing landscaping of mature trees and grass - Great playground - Bathrooms that are cleaned frequently - Great walking paths - The 6 stations for those who like to work out at the park - Sand volleyball - Soccer fields - A great senior community center that also offers city of phoenix dance, gymnastics, etc for children  I wouldn't be surprised to see a splash-pad, a dog park or even a softball field added in the next 2 years.

5
0
