WCpZ-7vCE0-CNJhHz9x1Gw
KpZLxHrp2PIP8tLBsPLiww
So the look of the room I was very impressed at first with the look of the room very cute then when I turned on my air on high the smell of vomit was coming out of the vent absolutely awful! The smell seemed to finally go away then the last day my girlfriends and I were there I noticed on the underside of the comforter was a huge yellow mustard looking stain and some brown stains if I hadn't pulled it back I would've never noticed then I examined the sheets and the bed had to sheets on it and both were dirty with random stains I pulled all the sheets off the bed and on the mattress cover I saw hair that was clearly not me or my friends and we didn't sleep on the mattress cover so it couldn't of been ours an what absolutely disgusted me was the pubic hair on the cover absolutely disgusting!!!!!!!! And when I wanted to check in only an hour early and the rooms were supposedly already ready they charged 22 dollars just to check in an hour early which was ridiculous. And when I let the front desk know they weren't apologetic and the maid service manager only said I'm sorry and thanks for letting him know! I will not be staying here again! Seriously to not change the sheets nasty!!!!!

2
0
aAYrWtHfw5boJrQBdpk0iA
I am so sick and tired of losing signal! It happens at least 3 times a day for atleast 45 minutes... It's ridiculous that it happens this often! I've never had this problem with any other company!!!!  I never get on Yelp and bash people but when it comes to me spending  a certain amount of money it's ridiculous!!!!!! I know they don't care because they never fix anyones problems  but I'm Hoping they start fixing things

1
0
KfFRnwHlTxEAuWQeviQJPA
Shelley is a phenomenal owner and a great person!  she makes everyone feel at home and this is exactly why I return to this place. She puts her all  into this bar and does a great job! If you can't get over your immature ways wah wah wah  I didn't get my song in  get over it! No one wants to listen to jt just FYI. So instead of bashing Shelley why don't you find a different bar to talk about because I'm sure anyone reading these reviews is annoyed that you can't just move on and stop acting like a child grow up!

5
0
