WDcCV1BRQ9jlxMNL2zjMbw
i_H_yKtISROjQ4eruSwyPw
As a local boy from Hawaii I made it a quest to find a place that reminds me of home and after living in Phoenix 4 yrs now.....I finally found a place that can subdue my craving for a for Korean style plate lunch. Plate lunch is a term that us locals like to call our plates from a bbq or local eatery. A normal plate that you can get from ONO Hawaiian BBQ, L&L BBQ, or any other hawaiian places is that every entree comes with rice and mac salad. But Korean style plate lunches come with rice and 4 sides like mac salad, kimchee, cucumber kimchee, noodles, corn, salad, and seaweed plus a few other choices. Thas the key difference and so far this is the only place I have found this.  I like this place the most compared to any other Hawaiian bbq spot out here is that they serve Meat jun and the sides.  Meat Jun is thinly sliced marinated beef that is egg battered, then pan fried, and served with a slightly spicy sauce. It is also a Korean entree that originated from Hawaii so don't really expect to find this at any other Korean restaurants.  I recommend people to try this place.

5
0
zSEknIqmkGL1pQt-ApEeoQ
Wasn't really impressed with my entree 12 bucks for an entree(rigatoni bolognese)  that wasn't filling and had a bunch of grease sitting at the bottom with a sliver of bread to compliment. Not very impressed. I wasn't impressed with charr burger next door. But I'll give this place one more chance. Maybe a hero or a slice of pizza with a desert. But it will be a whole before I go to get that greasiness feel out of me.

2
0
ziHNT33d9w56D0C04b3tnw
I got a burger asked for medium. I got we'll done with over salted fries. My girlfriend got a salad. Which looked like cut up condiments for the burgers on top of romaine lettuce. The lettuce was mainly the heart of the romaine which was yellow.  Cool looking place that's about it. After visiting here I really don't want to attempt to visit aiellos. Don't want to get disappointed.

1
0
