WJEmeL_3vHIOLepEwd2lrQ
8x9Mzb7gX6SEHQIlSDpU8w
This review is only for the casino and it was super busy being a saturday night when I went. My first visit there I had called ahead and was told free slot play and free buffet for new members. Me being out of town I did this at another casino last time I was in town and got free slot play and free buffet, so this time when I went I wanted to check this casino out. No buffet and no free food. I did get free slot play twice because before midnight if I earned 10 points I got another $10 in free slot play which was cool.  I decided to try blackjack for my first time while I was here and the dealer was alone at the table and was SO nice and very helpful. I actually won too when I left the table with more money than I started. Parking was pretty darn good. Wish there was a free food benefit for new people like the casino in Maricopa. And of course I wish I had more luck on the slots as I did the night before in Maricopa.  And I wish the hotel was cheaper its soo expensive or I would have stayed here.

4
0
ldhpbidKZmiX6jx9zB-J8Q
Was visiting Arizona and wanted a pedi and found this place really close to my hotel! My friend goes to Aveda in Portland Oregon and I have been there and a place in Eugene who uses only Aveda products. I am a huge fan of Aveda! I will definitely come back here next time I am in Arizona. $20 for a pedi  AND I got to keep the polish! OPI polish.  Excellent experience. Girl who did my pedi was awesome. Love the color and my pedi. Thank you!

5
0
q54q6eLD9qsoKQFMu4IM_Q
I can't believe my experience here..  To keep it short. I was in 3 rooms and even the last one wasn't clean! This place was supposed to be brand new. All the rooms were dirty I had to keep moving rooms. Even the 3rd room I was in was still dirty! The floor by the ONLY elevator looked stained. The restaurant/room service and bar all close at 10pm. Hot tub was cold. Parking sucked and I got locked out the back door because it was broken.. Twice.

1
0
