WLuT3npyNiEX9qism5BGFg
O5Qf0CfbIG6r-g55KO7TQw
Don't go to this crappy school.  It is not worth the money.  I transferred from another Art Institute because they misled me seemed to care only about getting your money.  The Phoenix location makes me feel like going back to Portland for that type of abuse.  Phoenix is much worse.  The teachers don't give your grades promptly, nor do they explain what they are expecting to see from you to determine the difference between a 79, 85 and 93 on a project for example.  They are supposed to submit these grades so you can check them online.  I have yet to have a teacher who actually does.  When you finally corner your teachers to get your grade, they just tell you that you are doing fine.  I was a straight a student with a previous BS degree.  I attend all my classes and turn in every assignment on time.  I am an actor pursuing a film and video degree, I have never considered myself an artist (drawer, painter, sculptor).  I do not mind having to take these classes for my degree, but I just wanted to keep my GPA high.  I have never had so many B+'s in my life.  Some folks would be OK with those grades, however, I am a serious student and pride myself on my GPA.  The teachers at this school don't seem to care about truly helping students.  It definitely seems like they just hand out grades arbitrarily and don't place much emphasis on returning your tests and assignments promptly.  Even some of my A's were just given to me because of how the teachers may have felt about me.  If you are not in the culinary program, then you are definitely the redheaded step-child at this school.  If you are not a video game nerd, an artsy gay looking femme, or a hot fashion design chick, then you may feel like an outcast at this school.  I am a non-traditional student and a transfer student, their bullshit sales tactics and focus in not designed to reach these demographics.  I am clean-cut, in my 30's, prior military veteran, former college football player, and have already worked in the profession I am pursuing a degree in.   I have yet to feel welcomed by any staff member or fellow student at this school, accept for security when they ask to see my ID.  You are not allowed to pick your own classes or schedules at this school.  They "somehow" register your classes for you, then you have to go through much hassle to change it to a more convienient plan.  If you are a transfer student, (even from another Ai in the same degree program).  Prepare to be screwed in you degree audit.  It is very difficult to find personal tutoring on a project or software program.  Even though they advertise differently.  The only decent thing about this school is, that they do have decent gear and equipment, and the people who work in the rental cage are very helpful.  However, you have to have permission to check out gear overnight or over the weekend.  This just seems like an extra hustle, and other schools don't have this policy.    All in all, this school really sucks.  If you are disciplined and focused you can get what you need out of this school, but you will regret the price and experience later.  If you are a virgin, nerd or loser looking to meet and mingle with your peers, and figure out what you want out of life, then this is the school and experience that you need to have.  Otherwise, if you are young and seeking the traditional college experience, or older and already have a job and other obligations, then I suggest you go to a "real" college or university.  ASU or U of A are some good ones.  They don't need to hire and train people to be sleazy salesmen in order to pressure you to come to their schools, they actually have prestige, and they don't need to advertise solely to losers at home sitting on the couch, watching daytime network TV, dreaming about a career in....Like the Art Institutes have to.

1
0
wXRD9u4j_UCg_Xm4fSR78A
This place has a positive ambiance. I met a woman here for our first date and although it was very crowded (Wednesday) and we had to wait about 20 minutes for a table, once we were seated, the other tables, the crowd, and even the live music on stage were not at all frustrating distractions; my date and I were able to talk and get to know one another in peace and comfort.   Management was very prompt and attentive when my glass of water accidentally shattered as our waitress was attempting to refill it. They even comped us dessert (Monkey Bread), which was delicious.

4
0
