woDtrrybSeonVmMJekNNEA
V5QdxePG-pGPXVPHSLLM9A
First I ordered two drinks, and the man behind me ordered something more difficult than mine to make.  After waiting for seven minutes, I came back to discover that the barista finished his drink and hadn't even started on mine. She made mine finally, at this point I had waited over 15 minutes. I ordered a sweet drink, and it seriously was the most bitter drink I had ever had at any coffee shop. I don't even know what she made. The espresso tasted weird... So I asked her to remake it because there was no way I could drink any of it. This time I waited another 10 minutes for my drink, and I saw that she had used milk instead of almond milk like I requested. I'm allergic to milk. At this point it had been about 30 minutes since I ordered the first time and I was getting pretty damn frustrated. I asked once more if she could just remake them. I also requested a refund because of how long we were waiting. She finally finished my drinks about 45 minutes later. Get this. The manager or team lead guy came out and asked if everything was okay. We told him what happened, how it took 45 minutes to make a drink. (They weren't even busy, it was 11:30pm) and it took three times to get it right. He asked us if the drinks were fine now, and that if they were there was no refund needed. TERRIBLE customer service. Needless to say, we aren't coming back here. I don't recommend it. Go to Jobot instead.

1
0
vJiDU4XQKInddPoWCSkkyQ
This is a fairly new business, and I have to say I am IMPRESSED! Great atmosphere when you walk in, friendly faces at the front desk, and they are quick to help out in whatever way you may need. Specials are always going on (great promotion and great quality service). I suggest signing up for their email system, because they don't spam you, and there is great information in every email I receive from them with direct links! I love how yoga is offered as well! Ashleigh is the therapist who works on my back, and she is HIGHLY educated in what she does. You can see her passion and drive in her career. (Too many therapists just do this for the money, and they can't name of muscles they are massaging, or give any advise on stretches to do or any further therapy). I was and continually am impressed by the employees at this location with their knowledge.

5
0
ExlCBthg6KZrBwM2UFDHAQ
Came here planning on spending 14 dollars or so, but I decided to upgrade and get the delux for 34.99. Waited 30 minutes, only to find that all four of my wheels were not cleaned properly. There were crumbs in my seat and on the floor, goop was still on my car on the outside, and he inside of my doors were not wiped down at all. I had a gold charm my deceased ain't gave me sitting on the dashboard, they wiped my dash and crammed the charm into my window. I called to complain, the lady on the other line said they would have a manager contact me in a couple of minutes. Almost an hour goes by and I decided to drive all the way back. They did clean my car again and he GM was nice, but honestly I wouldn't come here again to waste 40 knowing that I'm not going to be taken care of, unless I contact the GM and have him double check my car when it's finished.

2
0
