Wp0fK5noASGF1-6PnKVMLA
IceZ4BtTz76eppjNWm-c6A
I went to the Paisley Violin sometime last week. Walking in we were greeted by terrible music. I mean there are tons of great Jazz musicians in AZ and some how they have found the worst. The server was an older gentleman who was nice. We ordered the sampler app that they have to start 2 min later the server tells us that they are out of pita bread. For entrees I ordered the Lamb which comes on a pita but i opted to get it on a croissant which he suggested they had. 2 min later he says they are out of that to. My friend ordered the Lox 2 min later he says they are out of that as well. So she takes his suggestion in ordering a cuban sandwich which you wont belive 2 min later he comes out and says they dont have all the ingredients for that either. This happened about two more times until we ordered what had seemed to be the only 2 things on the menu. Its called an 86 board, servers write down what you don't have or in your case what u do have, which is less. The server must have been embarrassed I would have been. Once we got our food, it was mediocre at best, cold and not fresh looking. I will never go here again, which is disappointing such a great space and no potential when it comes to the food.

1
0
Zy2vca7i9QFGRKa4m0C__A
Da Vang is nothing new to me. I've been coming here for awhile now. I frequently visit Da Vang, at least once a week. I'm giving it 5 stars for the Pho, fried spring rolls, and bbq bhan mi.The reason my overall rating is 4 stars is because of the fact that its hard to get passed the overall environment. Kinda slumpy, dingy, and the waiters are pretty forward, showing very little personality, which in a way makes it more authentic. Next time you go visit Da Vang, order the #1 no tripe, #50 and the #75 and there is no way you will be disappointed, especially since you will still some how spend under 10 bucks.

4
0
v1aLzjTphPc6IGIy9k96vg
Just ate there for the first time. I'll kept it short. I want you guys to succeed but couple things. Change your tortillas they taste like generic food city tortillas. Then buy a comal if you don't know what that is google it, it's for heating tortillas rub a little oil on the first tortilla to give it a better texture.  Meats good salsa is good too. The staff was very nice and seemed very interested in what the guest thought. Hope you take this in a positive light, but when having such a small menu everything has got to be good.  Good luck will try again in the future

2
0
