wTDBtYKMWfOqQ0L51lGhBQ
yhqNXuxKVQ1-ngZD7dWcmg
This place is no longer in business... (at least, not at this location)

1
0
qwmHm3s8p7J12AIY6Co8HQ
This weekend the wife and I decided to try out this Pita Jungle location. We'd eaten at the one in Tempe with friends, but this one is much closer to home.  First off, the food we ate was excellent.  We ordered essentially the same thing as we did at the Tempe Pita Jungle: Chicken Hummus.  This is grilled chicken piled atop of 3 different types of hummus.  This time we went with the Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus, Roasted Bell Pepper Hummus, and the Garlic Dip. I love the Cilantro Jalapeno, my wife was a fan of the Roast Bell Pepper, and we both really like the Garlic Dip.  Two pieces of Pita Bread apiece dipped in this delicious hummus was more than enough to fill us up. We even had plenty of leftovers.  I know they have other tasty stuff on the menu and I'd really like to try them, but this one dish is so good I'd be going back to Pita Jungle if that was the only thing on the menu.  My one complaint about this place is that the acoustics are terrible.  The restaurant was a little over half full and we could barely hear our waitress. Although, if she just would have spoken up it may have been less of an issue.  She did make up for it, though, by offering us our drinks in to go cups when we were getting ready to leave and came back with giant cups of tea (If you're looking for a tasty drink, try their green tea.)  Pita Jungle is definitely a place I recommend eating, and I'm sure we'll be back sooner than later.

4
0
HtOr8cabgigirtDkN-oBcQ
I've been to Haiku Grill many times and can definitely recommend it as a good place to eat.  I normally order a "Chicken Veggie Bowl" with all-white meat and brown rice. Their brown rice usually comes out really good (not an easy task for most places) and the chicken and veggies are tasty.  Today, I decided to try their maki and ordered the spicy tuna rolls. Spicy tuna rolls is my favorite sushi, but I've had bad sushi in the past and I'm always a little wary to try it at new places. However, I had noticed lots of other people eating sushi here during my previous visits and from what I could tell they enjoyed their meals.  I was happily surprised with the quality of the sushi at Haiku Grill. The rolls were a good size (other places I've gone to make them too large to easily fit in your mouth) and had a good amount of fish in them.  My one complaint would probably be that the roll wasn't very spicy. The edamame was very good as well.  On another plus, the staff is very friendly and I've never had a case of bad service.    If you're in a hurry, go for the chicken bowl as I had to wait about twice as long for my rolls and I saw orders for chicken and beef bowls that were placed after my order come out before mine. Not a complaint, but something to keep in mind.  You can always call in your order, too.  Haiku Grill - made of win!

5
0
