X0J-_DqJoXZh84eAGp6GSQ
PScORaVSoRKBzaXzxdzsMw
I went in for the first time for a cut and color due to a friend's recommendation and was so disappointed (understatement) with both. I spent way too much money to come out with my hair looking the exact same before I went in. She put in enough foils to highlight 3 people's hair but somehow the color came out the exact same. As for the cut, my hair was so fried at the ends from not being cut in a while and naturally having dry hair that I needed at least an inch off. Any other salon/stylist would argue I'd probably need at least two but she said no, I'd go half an inch at the most. After the color was washed out she cut literally two pieces of hair. Two pieces. She didn't even trim all the ends or anything. She picked up two pieces, cut them and left the rest in it's fried, gross state. I was so confused. It was like they picked up some random person and asked them to work in their salon for the day. Then she took a razor to my layers and bangs and my hair is even more thin now than it was. After the "cut" was done, she was going to straighten it to style it. My hair is naturally pretty straight to begin with so it doesn't take much to keep it that way. She sprayed hairspray all over my hair and straightened over the hairspray. Someone correct me if I'm wrong but I have never, ever seen or heard of any professional stylist doing that, especially to someone who already has straight hair. Usually you leave a salon feeling good about yourself and happy that your hair is done but I left, cried that I'd wasted so much money only to have it redone the next week and went home to wash all of the hairspray and 3 other products she put in out of it. You may be wondering why I didn't say something and ask her to correct it but at that point, I just wanted to get out of there and not make it any worse. The cherry on top of this was when I asked where she went to beauty school. She just said she'd been doing hair since kindergarten and had practiced a lot on her barbies. No joke. And by that time, half my head had foils in and it was too late to go back.

1
0
tZXPhvufHhfejGrRp554Lg
Went here for dinner and this place blew me away. I can't put into words how amazing the food is and the service is just as good. The bread might be the greatest thing I've ever had. Seriously. After telling our server that, the owner/chef, Duc, brought our table a whole loaf to take home. It was also kind of late at night so he gave us two pastries to take home too. For free. Who does that? Duc does that. If this hasn't convinced you yet, it's soooo cheap for the quality of food that's served. I've had meals that cost three times as much that wouldn't hold a candle to this place. Don't let the exterior deter you, I wasn't expecting it to be in a strip mall either but I guess that's just what they're workin' with for now. I kept waiting for a catch or food poisoning or something because it was just too good to be true but no, no catch (or food poisoning). If you're still reading this post, stop now, get in/on your mode of transportation and drive (or f*** it, run if you have to) to scratch.

5
0
