x75NgCvjLIrp2qS32umihw
ekKMQ-L6dHFobFz5d0w7Dg
Belle Rubz is truly our dogs second home...they love the owner Michael and his staff.  If we say "Want to go to Belle Rubz," our standard and mini poodles start to  dance, flip and jump letting us know they can't wait.  They fly out of the car and run in. I have had experiences in the past with other places where they shake and cower in the car not wanting to get out.  The staff truly love dogs and takes great care of them.  We have been going to them for years even at their old location.  Belle Rubz is a fantastic place to allow your dog(s) to socialize, exercise in a safe, loving environment .   I also have been having them groomed there too.  It's so convenient and reasonablely priced.  Highly recommend Belle Rubz to all who want the best for their furry family.

5
0
y-7MgH1zwW3vagfSLlmZUw
Had the pleasure of eating at Virtu last Saturday night.  The food was beautifully presented and was delicious.    We were a group of 7 so we sat outside at the community table.  We each tried different dishes and everyone loved them-Duck, Scallops, Flat Iron Steak and Halibut.  We made room for desserts which were also great.  I'd recommend it!

4
0
u2PL3uLmwF2HBldVeouFxA
Our experience was extremely frustrating and disappointing.  The first sofa my husband and I purchased arrived at our home and we were shocked.  The back of it looked completely unfinished and all of the mechanics for the recliner was clearly visible, something we didn't notice in the store because it was up against another sofa.  Other recliners on the sales floor were finished nicely.  When we went back to the store to return the sofa, we found out that we had to pay very high restocking fees for it to be taken back and felt forced to purchase another sofa so we didn't lose more money.  The restocking fees were slightly lower if you purchased another sofa.  Their selection was extremely limited.  After finally selecting a second sofa, we find out that the ottoman  was discontinued and  had to wait for all of the other pieces.  We were told 2 weeks maximum and it took over 8 weeks.  When we would call their customer service people, they couldn't give us any information and refused to give us any managers to speak with.  Their prices aren't "cheap" for the lack of quality.   We will not shop at Living Spaces again and do not  recommend them.

1
0
