xcnGEs7YEVPFG1jBaWxoSA
yQONzVpX-DEpGSuKMIov6A
I'll be honest--this place is good for Americans... but not good enough for Chinese people.  The waiters were sort of rude to us, despite our being able to speak their language.  Furthermore.. what kind of authentic Chinese restaurant serves dinner out of plates? Blasphemy! Our table to had to go out of our way to get bowls! I'm surprised they had chopsticks.  Otherwise, their mock  food was salty and pasty, perfect for Americans in search of a good Orange Chicken replacement.  Wait.. salty and pasty? It's supposed to be a (insert meat type) dish, consisting of subtle flavors and intense chili pepper action.  Neeext...

2
0
3u7-xGwUKyGHkSexwBd9Wg
Yep, this place is the bomb. I lived near one growing up, and it slowly became a weekly thing to eat at L&L.  Now that I'm here in AZ, I had to try their L&L.  This particular shop was 10x nicer-looking than the ones in Cali/Hawaii, and it tasted almost the same (which is good).  Some notable differences were their sauces & service--a bigger array of sauces and the friendliest owners ever.  It's as good as it gets!  I've never had such good service from a pseudo-fast-food chain before!

5
0
VFIe-EAIvc6vAktwHjpEBA
Moved in 6 months ago.. I like it. Moving from Cali over to AZ, I needed to be by a big body of water... something that this place had.  My coworker recommended me here, I checked it out, and signed a lease.  I mainly did it because of the indoor garage, nice pools, convenient walks, doggy parks, the lake, being close to the freeway, and the overall young-person feel to it.  The pool should be heated, though.. I'm sad it isn't (only the jacuzzi is). Otherwise, it's pretty quiet where I am (unlike what most people have said).  Parking's pretty easy to get, too, whether it be inside or outside.  The entire place is like a racetrack though.. no one really cares about the possibility of a car accident around the corner.  Before you get detracted by the high price, factor in whether or not you'll use the gym, pool, lake, lounges, etc... I used them so I like it.  Would I get another apartment there? Yeahh, probably.

4
0
