xKd1kofBCaLumo0JI5FiNQ
byFWmwlVSmUj-AmM6NZYvw
After a quick visit to the bank we decided to have a quick bite and where better than In-n-Out. The food was great but the restaurant was extremely busy, what else would you expect on a Saturday at noon.   My favorite thing about this visit was when an employee by the name of Caleb asked a customer if she could move tables. The customer was sitting at one of the handicap capable tables and he handled it extremely professionally. After he got the table cleaned up and the wheelchair into place that's usually where the interaction ends. Not Caleb, he went the extra mile and took it upon himself to bring them their food when it was finished. Sure, it is the right thing to do but not everyone is that selfless, attentive, and caring. In addition to me seeing him work his -omitted- off in the restaurant he checked on tables to see if they needed anything.   To Lynsi Torres, people like Caleb is what makes your company great. People like Caleb is what makes people come back time and time again. The front entrance had a sticker that said this location starts employees at $11/hour. I can assure you, Caleb, is worth much more than that.

5
0
80tJzUERJjRDjpxUXy4M6w
First off, we arrive at 6:15, I understand it's Friday night and it'll be busy. We attain our reservation and are told the expected wait time will be 35-45 minutes- that's perfectly fine. Fast forward to 7:15 my friend runs in to ask how much longer. Seven. Seven minutes were told and that's fine too. Fast forward to 7:35 my pregnant wife runs in to ask how much longer. Nine. Nine more minutes. What the bloomin' onion. Seriously we see your have priority seating how the -omitted- does that work? We finally get seated and I begin to type this review. This review is for the ridiculous system they have in place for seating. The countless families that came after us and got seated before us, the moderate cold and the terrible chairs out front. We waited 1 hour and 24 minutes for this food. I'll leave another review for the food but I'm already in a pretty -omitted- mood.

1
0
