xMHU8ruFIAAn5zfgGPWWZQ
VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ
So my trip to Phoenix didn't start out great.  I was in town for a conference awhile back, but while my flight got in on time, my bag handle broke almost immediately after I started to wheel it.  I managed to keep it together by holding it closer to the ground, and got aggravated talking to several bus drivers who couldn't tell me a damned thing about how to get to the light rail.  A lesser man might've just taken a Super Shuttle to the hotel on the outskirts of Phoenix instead--not me.  I've been to just about every single major pizzeria in the NY-metro area.  I had mapped out the route to what is supposed to be the best pizzeria on the planet--Pizzeria Bianco.  I was going to get there hell or high water.    So I dragged this bag onto the bus, figured out the light rail system, and then walked a couple of blocks to the pizzeria.  I was struck by how idyllic the street it's on was.  Looking at photos of the building online, it looks like a big, imposing structure.  Instead it's this little village-like area surrounded by the Phoenix science center.  I came in all beat up and the staff was gracious enough to allow me to shove my bag in the back.  I plopped down at my table ready to order (I came at lunchtime so no line).  Thank God it all was not for naught, as Pizzeria Bianco was worth the trip.    I decided to go with Mr. Bianco's 2 favorite pies: a marinara and a rosa.  Yes, I got 2 pies by myself: fuck you.  Marinara pies are not normally my thing but this one was exceptional.  First off, the crust was light, fluffy with some crispness, significant char from the oven and a certain "freshness" to it.  It wasn't one of those old world, rustic, converted-bread recipes that some places in NY have, but it was great in its own right.  The tomatoes used were of the highest quality, and with little spikes of oregano and crisp slivers of garlic, their flavors were brought out to the fullest.  It was as simple a pizza as you can get.  Much more complex and out-of-the-box was the rosa.  It's that same great crust topped with crumbled Arizona pistachios, pecorino romano, red onion, and rosemary.  That sounds weird, but it's fucking incredible.  One of the best single pizzas I've ever had.  Chris has called this pizza his 'the metaphor of me'; I agree to the degree that I can, as this pie is absolute artistry.  I've not had a pizza like it before or since.  Even though a few copycats have popped up, they don't come remotely close.  Then I noticed the man himself walking around, and Chris Bianco came right over to me given what I ordered.  We talked shit about Arthur Ave, the Bronx and baseball stuff for a few minutes, and we ended up talking to another table from Brooklyn.  Chris Bianco is a genuinely great guy living the American dream, and I think it's awesome that he has mad scientist hair because in a good way that's what he is!  I grab a quick picture with him, wrapped up my leftovers and ordered another pie to go (Sonny Boy, great but not as good as the other 2), but then got talked into some homemade chocolate gelato.  I am very glad that I did!  It was exceptional as well, almost a perfect melding of chocolate and extra-icy ice cream but a little more towards the chocolate side.  Considering the heat I was about to walk out into, it was the best idea ever.    I saw that Chris Bianco added a new Italian restaurant on top of the wine bar, sandwich shop, this pizzeria, and the others that he has opened.  Holy shit do I want to go (to all).  He's a little off the wall, but he knows what he's doing when it comes to restaurants and his passion is almost incomparable.  His story is very reminiscent of other great American success stories and proves that the American dream doesn't die so easily.  High-minded rhetoric aside, Pizzeria Bianco lived up to the hype and is worth going well out of your way for (I'd try to avoid the lines though).  If you're one of the mindless critics on here bashing this place without an actual argument or story to stand on, then fuck you.  You can see my story, and I'm sticking to it.

5
0
2DOJ2GyphXQf_f3OKJEPzw
Alright, granted this was airport food but this was still thoroughly mediocre.  I originally intended on exiting the airport to hit Pizzeria Bianco, but alas I chickened out because I wasn't sure I had enough time.  I settled for this after reading about the food options in this airport.  Supposedly this is an outpost of a Phoenix restaurant that is famous for their tamales.  I love tamales and don't get to have them often, so I decided to try it out.  The lady I buy tamales from next to the subway in the Bronx has better ones.  This tamale was a soggy mess due to the sauce on top of them, and it was devoid of flavor (as were the rice and beans).  The pricing also made no sense in hindsight.  A tamale is only $4 and the soda and rice/beans brings it up to $10; however if you get a burrito ($6), it's the same deal for no more food.  Basically this is a local place that is cashing in on people who are trapped in the airport.    Bring your food or just starve.  It's better than this!

1
0
