XpxdyFL-oRsbc7mO8sKXLg
gRt4zXBVY_Z-bieKA5lq_g
After years of coming to kabuki, we unfortunately had a bad experience. It was our 27th wedding anniversary and we wanted to celebrate it by staying at the Renaissance and going over to westgate to have dinner. When we walked in they acted as if we hadn't made reservations and told us it would be 45 min. I restated our last name and they then found it. The waiter gave us our menus and walked away. then a waitress came over and  asked if we wanted something to drink, but that it would take 20 minutes because a large party of people had shown up at the bar, that was fine, we were seated outside and it was hot but the misters were running. After we got our food my first drink came out. I sipped on it and at about being 2/3rds  of the way done with it, the waiter asked how we were doing, I said could I please order another drink. He said Arizona State law says we cannot serve a second drink until the first drink is finished. I looked up at him and said"what?" He went into further detail. Yes folks, did you all know about the law and ordering a second drink? Just to prove a point I chugged my drink. He said I didn't mean for you to do that, then my husband being the guy he is went to talk to the manager because he could see our night was being ruined by the wannabe chaparon waiter. The manager was even worse, would not listen said we we desrespectful to the waiter (because we were upset he was being rude to us) he called security, but we had already walked out after the manager absolutely would not listen to me. Not one word. Horrible manager. I wanted to cry. Here's the deal, if a restaurant wants to make a point that drinks would be coming out slowly, then scoff if you want to order one in advance so it is timed to come out when you finish the first one,  what's so bad about that? Unfortunately I have to air my greavence here because I am so angry my anniversary was basically ruined, and the manager was unwilling to listen to my complaint. Never going back. Unless the get a new manager, but how would I know? They've opened up new sushi bar in the same block, taking our business there.

2
0
LtdVdYhs7MAwwTBuHhdsFQ
Very nice.  I usually avoid buffet style Asian fast food, but I'm not sure if all Panda Express locations are the same, was pleased to see all the fresh veggies showcased in their fridge,  they had some unique offerings,  like the walnut honey shrimp,  a little more expensive but good!  They offered me free samples right away, and although there power went down a few minutes before I got there, they were still on top of their game. Clean, cool, and nice inside. Good music. I'd say,  you can't go wrong eating there.  The food looked fresh,  and there were a lot of people eating,  but no waiting time.

4
0
