xWFveKkD_On3HUQuVs9WJQ
XI3TrOM5caqz0-vcyXXLeA
Terrible experience and terrible pedicures.   My friend and I just got gel pedicures here today. Wish we hadn't.   We chose this particular place because of the high Yelp rating and reviews - no idea how they earned those.   Experience: I always get gel polish on my toes because it lasts longer. When asking the lady at the front counter if they do gel pedis she looked confused/concerned but said "yes." - should have been our first clue.   They had us wait and pick our colors while the tubs were prepared and we let them know we already had gel polish on that would need to be removed. The removal of gel polish is typically done by using an emery board to scratch through the gel layers, then a small piece of acetone soaked cotton is placed on the scratched gel of each nail and wrapped in foil to soak off the gel polish. After a few minutes of soaking the polish is easily scraped away. Instead of using this typical method, Whimsical Nails used Dremels to shave off the layers of polish, and burning my cuticles and skin around my toes. After several burns, I asked the lady doing my nails to just wrap/soak them. She proceeded to just pour acetone on my toenails and put one large cotton swab over them = not effective, but at least I saved some cuticles and skin from her Dremel. I was ready to leave at this point but my friend convinced me to stay (her experience ended even worse than mine).   Throughout the rest of the pedicure, the lady who was doing my nails was rude. She tried to force my foot in a direction that it was not physically able to move (so she didn't have to move her chair?) and acted as though I wasn't moving fast enough for her when switching my feet in and out of the gel lamp (trying not mess up the paint job she has just done) every. Single. Time.   I still tipped. But didn't feel good about it.   I will not be returning.

1
0
aaud6-WdCllYI1hxanyvqw
This is my first ever Yelp review and it is well overdue. I chose Jon to do my business head shots earlier this year and could not be happier with the results! Prior to shooting, I was nervous not only to be in front of the camera but also nervous about how well the pictures would turn out, as I do not consider myself to be photogenic (my main facebook photos are of the back of my head and my dog). However, Jon has the professionalism and friendliness to put even the most novice subject at ease - and he took so many great shots that it was hard for me to narrow down my prints! The quality of Jon's photos and personal service was far beyond what I would have expected.

5
0
53UiD6cVo02kbXcJSDgcTA
BEWARE!! 5 DAY RETURN POLICY! Yes, FIVE.   That no one (owner or employee) will tell you about until you try to return something after 5 days, of course (because a standard return policy is 30 days). And they will point to the miniature exchange sign that is placed on the counter, along side another sign that has nothing to do with the business, and say that is the policy and that's where it's posted for customers to see it. I was shocked at such an absurd, terrible, highly inconvenient policy when I tried to return a sweater because when I purchased it not a single person, who works at or owns the store, offered even an "Are you familiar with our return policy?" Or a "Just so you know..."  Aubrey apologized yet did nothing to truly rectify the situation.   This store is quite cute, albeit out of the way (also hugely inconvenient for customers/returns); unfortunately the policy and customer service, or lack thereof, is highly disappointing.

2
0
