xyYYRX6wv0cl_NHD7EtZ7Q
xdv2kvaZodkWvTSV6pSSpA
This local jewel of a Mexican restaurant is probably the best food that I've had in a very long time everything was perfect the shrimp were excellent--- taste the rice it was deadly and the beans were the best refried beans I've had since a vacation trip to Mexico a few years ago.  This isn't a fancy Mexican restaurant and this is the real deal and the steak was cooked perfectly not burned very soft and extremely flavorful .Try both tortillas I prefer the corn over the flower but both of them were excellent! This place is very reasonably priced and the service was fast and the staff was very loveable and did their best to make us feel right at home. I will be going back !

5
0
BPi1Q5wX0_o5VlO_XRyYuQ
After all the hype of listening to people talk about this place I wanted to give it a try. I was very excited to come here. I came here for my birthday and I have to say that this place is completely a bust; the staff were rude, and the service was horrible. You cannot reserve a table because they like to pack you in this tight little pizza restaurant  The bar is a joke; they don't really have any alcohol and the wines were the worst - I tried the Riesling and it tasted cheap and bitter. This place is also very pretentious. I understand that it's more of a traditional world style pizza but everything has to be difficult; they can't just make you a good pizza  -Everything has to be fussed with like some overly pretentious chef-  Before I had a chance to even talk or ask any questions about the menu our server went ahead and decided to give me a full lesson on their ingredients. I guess the staff feel that it's a privilege for the people to come to them and dine in their restaurant. You will not find pepperoni on the menu instead they give you an alternative dry salami, soppresetta, and tout that it's from Shreiners. Shreiners also happens to make excellent pepperoni, so why didn't they just get the pepperoni from Shreiners instead of having to deal with tables of diners asking why they don't offer it? The vibe in this place also sucks !!!!it's filled with fake trendy hipster wannabes who post hundreds of douche bag pictures of themselves on Instagram  eating their shitty pizza. This place blows ........ Oh and to be clear my entire party of 7 people felt the same way--- this place sucks

1
0
