Y2o4n7kftn3qwUm9zSRAWQ
qNpNPI-f2Y2eg364-V0deQ
I agree with the previous reviewer that something terrible has happened to a restaurant that used to be good. When we arrived, nobody greeted us, so we just sat at a table and waited for about 5 or 10 minutes for anyone to come to the table. The server threw a menu onto the table and then came back in a few minutes and asked us what number we wanted. She then said that they were out of some things and said that we could order from the Appetizer or Soup sections (what, no entrees?). I asked if anything at all was available from the other sections and she pointed to a few things. When she brought our food, she did not bring my daughter's order, and she didn't bring a salad that we had ordered to share. We assumed she was coming back with those, but she never came back. She stayed in the back, talking on the phone. We shared our entrees with our daughter, since she didn't have anything to eat. When we were finished, she did not bring the check - my daughter and I finally got up and went outside, and only then did she bring the check to my husband. She didn't apologize for not bringing all our food. On top of everything else, I got very sick to my stomach the next day.  My husband said that the service was non-existent - I say it was surreal. While the food tasted delicious, I think both the cleanliness and the service need to be improved.

1
0
fm4X0SV2Kofj-57ZfHiZ_A
Right on the front window is a gigantic painting of the Bosnian sausage sandwich, and it deserves the place of honor! This is a casual hole in the wall with a small grocery section in the back. Everything we tried was delicious. My husband had the Bosnian sausage sandwich and a cheese pita. I had a meat pita and bean soup. My daughter had a plain gyro, which she pronounced as the best gyro she's ever had. The sausage sandwich and the gyro came on a wonderful fluffy bread that appeared to have been browned on a grill. Next time we go, I'm definitely ordering extra bread! The pitas are not the flat bread sandwiches that you might be expecting. Instead, they are made with a flaky pastry like filo. The filling is wrapped in the pastry and twisted in an oblong spiral shape. For dessert, I had baklava, which seemed to have even more honey sauce and nut filling than most - very tasty!  Our server was very friendly and explained the whole menu to us. The atmosphere is homey and there is a notable sense of community that gives you a wonderful taste of Bosnian culture.

5
0
