y3PWErgSaM5_09WUrcdxYg
fsxBliRs4rwxRXkZUVy62A
Good food, horrible service. We haven't been to On the Border for many years since we don't live near one. Decided it was worth the drive since we got a Local Flavor voucher. Waitress was prompt in getting our drinks and taking our order. We ordered the trio (with chicken fajitas), two kids meals, and I ordered a fajita bowl. We specified several times that one of our daughter's meals could not have cheese as she is allergic. Even asked to make sure the beans did not get cheese sprinkled on it.   After that it went downhill. The food seemed to take awhile to come out. We had to wave down the waitress after awhile because our girls were hungry and we were out of chips (she had not checked on us after she took our order).  No plates, napkins or silverware have been brought to the table so we tried our best not to make a mess eating salsa and chips without napkins.  Our food finally comes out and is brought by someone from the kitchen. We noticed cheese on the taco and on the beans of our daughter's meal. Told the guy she could not eat cheese. He promptly took it back (no apologies from him or the waitress). The dish came back - no cheese on the taco, but still cheese on the beans. I didn't want to say anything else since we didn't want to have to wait for her dinner any longer. Asked the waitress for some napkins and utensils since she did not notice we didn't have any. We waited and watched her go to other tables after she left us, filled up drinks at one, took an order from another and disappeared into the kitchen. After what seemed like another eternity, she came with silverware and napkins for us. My husband and my dish required utensils to eat - it wasn't like we had tacos, etc. where we could use our hands. Would have been nice if she went straight to the kitchen to get our utensils so we could eat. Maybe it was the job of the hostess to have left us with some utensils and napkins?  My husband had ordered the trio which comes with soup, fajitas, and dessert. He realized when we got our meal that he never got his soup. We had to wave our waitress down for the soup. She made a comment that she had put the order in. She never came back to check on us after that.   We tried to wave her down several times but she did not see us. Finally got her attention and she was about to give us our bill (without bringing desserts for three out of the four meals that came with desserts). We asked if we could substitute one of the desserts for our girls since she could not have the ice cream that comes with the meal but possibly one sopapilla instead. She said she would have to ask and whoever she asked was kind enough to let us substitute the dessert for our daughter. We got our desserts and had to ask for water. She came back and filled only one cup of water when there were two set out for her at the edge of the table together for her to fill up (we didn't realize she only filled one until after she left)! She brought us our check again, we gave our credit card for payment and it seemed like forever again before we got the credit card receipt again. In and out in just under two hours, on a Sunday night and there were only a few tables besides ours (not at all busy). Our youngest commented she never wants to return since she had to wait so long. This is from a little girl that loves to go out and eat at restaurants.

2
0
zp713qNhx8d9KCJJnrw1xA
Love this place. It is always crowded but we go early to avoid the wait. Street tacos with fresh ingredients and so many options!!! Everything is yummy here. I also love the salsa bar and like to have several different salsa to go with the complimentary chips.

5
0
notMxQXE3BaBAgiD-o1jgg
Just tried this over the weekend. Went with a friend of mine and our tacos were yummy! Loved the hip/trendy décor. We each ordered three tacos to get the free side. I ordered the carne asadas and one Baja fish and a side of beans. She ordered one Baja, one chicken, and one shrimp and a side of orange cucumber salad. I loved my carne asada, the fish was fresh but I wish it was more tasty. She didn't like her chicken very much, liked the fish, but said the shrimp was the best. We both liked our sides - actually she loved her cucumber side! My side of beans was very generous and could have been split between both of us. Service was efficient, wish it was a little more friendly but can tell they wanted you in and out.

4
0
