y6oIs6f1uWhDBoKDcoZAWQ
vZBYSQtTbY9MaYu5qNuU8Q
Squaw peak (Piestewa peak) is my go to mountain. This is my 'bae' of mountains in the Phoenix area. Short, sweet, and gives a good work out. If you like stairs, you'll like this mountain.   I hike Piestewa with friends usually every weekend in the mornings. There are plenty of parking spots open early on weekends, however they can quickly fill up throughout the day.  The length to the top isn't as far as some other places, but it can be strenuous for others. Bring lots of water, stay hydrated, and bring a snack when you get to the top. It can be crowded at times, that's why I prefer going earlier. Some people even do this trail twice in a row. It's definitely possible if you're up for the challenge.   The view at the top is great. You can see Downtown Phoenix, the Stadium, and the city on one side. On the other side, it is all land and different views of the valley.  Bring friends with you to keep each other motivated until you reach the top. Don't quit! Keep going! Just think one step at a time. It's worth it, I promise. Also, don't forget to touch the 'medallion' at the very top. It's kind of hidden, go find it.

5
0
gFGldPLVQdqbHQodU5TeUw
I have been to Pei Wei numerous times before and they were great. However, something about this location was not right. I went here for dinner and right when I walk in, the place was warm. Not sure if it was because of the kitchen being so close to the seating area, but it felt nicer outside. The floors were messy. When we were looking for a seat, my girlfriend stepped on a fortune cookie and veggies that were left by a previous customer. There were food on the floor from different dining stations, not just our area.   Now onto the food.. We got Teriyaki Crunch Roll for sushi. It was cold, the wasabi looked like play doh that a child rolled up into a ball, and they had extra wasabi drizzled underneath the sushi. Not everyone is a fan of wasabi, so they should not put the sushi on top of drizzled liquid wasabi. We could have had better sushi elsewhere. I would compare it to sushi you can buy at a supermarket.   We also got Mongolian Beef. Usually it is cooked just like the P.F. Chang recipe. Thick, juicy, with a little bit of a crisp, added with mushrooms and green onions . However, I'm not sure if they changed the recipe or the cooks didn't cook it correctly. The beef was cooked with a little pink left in them, which isn't bad. It was soft.. too soft. The beef was very chewy. The green onions were also soggy.   The Traditional Lettuce wrap was okay. Not much complain there.   Overall, the service was good, the sushi was very bad, the food was okay, and the place was decent.

2
0
