yAoULMVFwQMvpkfXIQ5mIg
paF7fjuCWbqg7pjwSWnMkA
I have been eating at Nandos since it opened.  Although there was a time it wasn't as good as when it opened, the last 3 or 4 times I have been there...it has been fantastic.  I love they have ground beef, not many Mexican restaurants do.

5
0
6xeCnkEXNQRmdqoUmmDKpg
A to Z Detail: Mobil Detail....SUCKS SUCK SUCKS!!!! So, I buy a Living Social for a detail for my truck. I verify my zip code is in the correct "service area" via the Living Social link. I schedule my appointment on 12/4/14 for the 1/29/2014 at 8 am. I Give Katrina my address...which has "Mesa AZ in it!!! I get a confirmation call on Saturday for my 8 am Monday appointment.   This morning at 6:50 am I get a call from Katrina from A to Z detail stating that unless I pay a trip charge, they won't come out. I told her I verified my address zip code through Living Social She said I had to pay the trip charge. I told her that I didn't feel that this was really my problem that I lived in Mesa, since I clearly stated that when I booked the appointment. Then, she said that if they came to my house....(which after looking it up, is only 5.7 miles outside the "service area") they would be late to the next appointment . I asked again, how that was my problem. Then, she went on to state that her detailers have to get up at 5 and 6 am and detail cars in the cold. I said why are you whining that you detailers have to get up at 5 and 6 am...I have to do that every day I work! She then said....I am canceling your appointment...and HUNG UP!!!!!   Any reputable business would have stated that Living Social messed up, that they missed that I was outside their "normal service area"  when I scheduled it, and honored the appointment . And the reality is...is was 5.7 miles over!...that would take an additional 5 minutes driving time!   NO business representative should EVER hang up on a customer.  I was so excited to get my truck detailed. He is 13 years old, and just needed some TLC. I guarantee, this would have been one of the easiest detail jobs the person would have ever had, because he is pretty darn clean!  So my next place is back to Living Social to get my money  back!

1
0
dXFR6k4IErPXqGhnDaD95w
The place is interesting. We ate outside, and ended up here on a recommendation to the couple we were meeting.  First, we didn't find out till we were leaving that you have to ask for chips.  They are free, but, they don't come without asking.  Second, the waitress, although they are pretty new, didn't seem to care out our table.  One of four orders were incorrect.  The witness really didn't care.  She must have told the manager though, as she came out, and made an attempt to fix things, but was less that stellar on the solution.  The food was fine, but maybe it isn't my cup of mexican food.  There are so many amazing places to eat in a square block space down there, I don't see a need to go back.  Hope others have a better experience.

2
0
