YBtz3DqUwLHXkAV_1L8AgQ
lktu5JPDlQUG-7cV7gOzDQ
I love this place. The first time I came in here, I had never had a latte, except at crappy (Starbucks) or mediocre (Xtreme Bean) shops. When I took the first sip, I knew this was a whole different drink. A grin spread across my face as I got first a touch of light airy foam, then rich milk, and finally the smooth taste of the espresso. I thought I would get used to this, but I've been going there for nearly a year, at times almost every morning, and no matter what I get from there, it puts a grin on my face (except the agave latte, I can't believe people drink that). Even the non-coffee-snobby drinks like the vanilla latte, the chai or the mocha are brilliant. I don't go in as often as I used to now, because I buy their beans and make my coffee at home, mimicking their setup as best as I can.  As far as the service, yes it's true, there is some times a bit of attitude, but quite honestly, you're paying a little more to get a skilled person to make you a delicious drink of the caliber you can only get at a select few places in the valley. If you want a fake-smiling robot who doesn't know how to pull a shot, go to Starbucks. If you want a real human barista who will learn your name and your drink, and yes, maybe mock you a little bit for being a phillistine (and we all are sometimes), then Cartel is the place for you.  The only reason I only give it 4 stars is that they don't serve food. I think they said it's because they don't have a food license at this location or some such (and it might be kind of small for a cafe anyway), but it really would be nice to be able get something to eat here too.

4
0
0sNQHGJCb6ckMW3P_J3oXA
Five Guys is great for those days when you want to spend $12 on a glorified fast-food hamburger. The meat comes in a wafer-thin patty, and doesn't really taste like anything, just like at Wendy's. The bun tastes mass-produced.   I also don't especially care for their fries, although this is a matter of taste more than anything. I'm not generally one for mushy, thick, "natural" fries of the sort served here.   I can't help but wonder if people rate this place purely on the quantity of food that you get. The normal size for the burger is a double-patty, and the fries come overflowing from a 12 oz. drink cup.   I would rank the burger places around mill as: 1) Smashburger, for their delicious Arizona burger, and the awesome smash fries 2) Chuckbox, for delicious char-grilled meat that actually tastes like meat 3) In-n-out, for great-tasting meat and some of my favorite fries 4) Five Guys, 5) Fatburger, seriously why the fuck does anyone eat at Fatburger?

2
0
