YTvlLuHMrXLPL7hc4F5Rsw
heA3OyKJq7O3HYPRAdfR4A
I read some of the reviews and saw a couple of things that were SPOT ON-  My wife and I have been here MANY times and have experienced the hostess/waitress/OWNER.  My wife would not allow us to dine-in here for over a year because of the way she treated us while dining.  Unfortunately for me, the food is THAT good..especially for  Chinese here in the west valley.  After a year of me sneaking over there for lunch and getting "to-go's" only for dinner, my wife finally gave us the green light to return for dine in....the only stipulation is I have all communications with this woman.  Knowing what we are going to be dealing with before we get there has now made our dining experience somewhat comical as we watch this woman work.  It makes us smile as we watch her interact with customers  that are not use to her behavior...worth the show to attend...I will be going back this Friday..Try the beishing pork chop sweet and sour style...AMAZING !!!!

4
0
Lm4rjgZlTtLfsriICKdD8A
Was excited to try the new menu at "Game 7".  4 of us got there at 11:15 for a 1:05 game on a Sunday.....  Restaurant was definately NOT full.  A hostess sat us and did not leave menu's. The manager/general manager (short haired guy running around with NO customer service skills) almost threw us out because we were sitting without menus in front of us and thought we "snuck" in.  I pointed to the front hostess stand and explained he should be talking to the hostess instead of making my group feel like criminals for sitting there. We were hungry otherwise that would of been the end of that.      The  tables that were available were outside... We started with a table in the shade, but after a 1:45 minute meal we were in DIRECT sunlight. by the end....Umbrellas would have been a nice touch...especially in AZ.      The people at the BENCH next to us had an issue with the red bench paint transferring to their clothes.  This same manager explained that he does not MAKE the benches, he runs a restaurant.  Our table, their table and other tables in earshot could not believe the explanation he was giving them. To his credit he discounted their bill, but definitely made an uncomfortable situation worse.......AGAIN    All business' have problems.  It is how a business HANDLES the problems.  This manager , face of the business, better have his days numbered as the food was not bad.      There will always be one extra table available IF you go to this place as I will not be back...Thank the management for that......

2
0
