yvdkLLdPJ_fN2I56J3Bq0Q
iu3igl6d-Z99WNCUgjffww
oh where do I begin on the problems of this place- location is the best thing about this place cuz there are a lot of stores and restaurants and its on the bus line. that's it. price wise- hell no don't rent here.  you are charged way and I mean WAY too much for your water, sewer, trash. when I mean way lets say you're charged $80+ and I was in a 2 bedroom supposedly 2 bath ( its actually a bath and a half).  I moved in on Nov. 6th, 2009. when I first saw the apartment it was not ready and the manager ( Sarah Martinez) said she was aware of all of the problems. the day we got the keys we noticed not a single problem was fixed from dead carcass of roaches to bad flooring to torn up screen door, torn up blinds, missing blinds, missing parts for both the fridge and the dish washer.  the garbage disposal had a disgusting scent that never went away. broken and loose cabinet drawers. for a 800 sq. ft. ( trying to pass off as 900 sq. ft.), rent is way too high. it shouldn't be almost $800. I right now pay almost $800 and I am in a 1,006 sq. ft. apartment with a washer and dryer and a sort of lower water, sewer and trash bill but I have also recycleable trash bins at my apartment complex.  beat that stupid Tesoro.  okay now get ready on more awful-  how many managers do you want to hear about ?  Melinda was never around. Sarah had an attitude problem but yet she walked around the complex and knew most of the tenants. April knew everyone but she gave free rent to her friends and family and drug buddies. April was nice. what was her name, she was an idiot. I had a problem with pest control. I asked to see when the exterminator was gonna arrive next for my spraying and she didn't know how to access that info. guess what happened due to that? I was charged for her incompetency. oh now I remember her name. it was Kristen. she was dumb. she was replaced by Gracie who gave free rent to her brother and she also had her family in the office every weekend, she would refuse tours to people and she also closed the office way too early. April was fired and so was Gracie. but the last manager I had at Tesoro told me that April is supposed to return to the company to over throw stuff happening with the company. so I guess it was okay to give her friends and family and drug buddies a free ride cuz you ride the corporate dick up that pole. I guess its good to cheat a company and get away with it like April did.  when heather came, she had to clean up April's mess and had tons of people evicted. she left the company for good reasons.  she had a side kick who was also just as cool as she was.  that girl left too. they were replaced by the idiots that were in the office before I moved out.  Tonya is the manager who tries to be people's friends but likes to charge people for rent even when they're no longer there. she claims she knows everyone's lease and yet she doesn't know how to do the math. then she sends very rude emails yes emails about how she believes she didn't do wrong and tries to point fingers and put words in others' mouths.  Tonya has a side kick whom also like Tonya doesn't know crap from a hole in the wall. when I came into the office to discuss moving out, neither manager gave me the move out paper until right before I moved out. why did they do that? because they had a LOT of vacant apartments and will be examined by their corporate office for NOT making quota so they do it In the quickest and illegal ways possible by falsely charging others for stuff. talking about false charges- if you have bed bugs cuz the walls are super thin. guess who gets charged? you do.  when the string for the ceiling fan broke not completely off, April tried to charge me $75 for a new fan when all it needed was a $4 piece that you can buy at a hardware store which I replaced.  oh did I tell you about the broken closet doors that was never replaced even though I put in one too many complaints. how about my track light and how it took DAYS to get fixed. DAYS. it took hours before my toilet tank was sorta fixed. Ricardo did a quick fix to it. trust me its gonna bust again.  toilets over flow and clog easily.  the door stoppers were missing, covers for light fixtures and switches were busted.  let me tell you about black mold? yes it exist. its not only inside all apartments but also outside on the grounds too.  when they had a company put asphalt on the ground, it covered the water sewer thingy and the water taste like metal and rocks. plus kids keep putting rocks in the sewer things that the water companies are supposed to test.  there is NO playground. they had grass on the grounds but removed it and put rocks there.  constantly and I mean constantly the water pipes bust and there's leaks everywhere. water is constantly off without notice.  laundry room has been robbed into many times. recently they removed the old washing machines and placed in new ones.

1
0
qlcDT-iAur6uY-Ios_4esw
I had been at this location 3 times since I moved in this area almost 2 years ago.  I was there the first time for my kids. both of them were sick with a bad cold.  my daughter's anxiety was so bad that she flipped out by the nurse practitioner and the nurse practitioner even began singing doc mcstuffins songs because my daughter had her doc mcstuffins stethoscope on her.  the kids had to be on antibiotics. not a big deal but... my son didn't just have that issue. he was bruising easily and he had to be hospitalized ( it has nothing to do with this post but it happened2 days after the visit to FastMed. my son has a blood disorder. he's better now).  just recently, we had to go back twice because my son got strep twice.  the staff even remembered my son.  with reading these other people's reviews, I have a hard time trying to see a doc practitioner being bad to a staff who is claustrophobic.  because the reasons for why they close the door is because they don't know why you're there and its for them to discuss what might be happening/ is happening with patients. and what the doc is doing on the comp is probably research so he's not giving any bad advice to patients.  and there's a bunch of patients there, not just one or 2. plus they want your room door closed because its for your safety because you never know who is gonna come down those hallways despite what you think. ask a staff member or someone who studied to be a nurse and whatnot. they'll explain why staff does that. at hospitals , that's why some of their rooms has the sheets up and a door. its always for your safety.  ask someone about it the next time rather than being rude.  geesh. and glass boy, just cuz one said that you might have a piece of the plate still in you doesn't mean that they couldn't do the job because you didn't pay. they actually work with you and you just had bad timing. and from experience if you're in between insurance, you're gonna have trouble. remember just cuz your mom got her insurance for you doesn't mean it was activated. you have to call your medical plan to find out why rather than blame the staff. I worked for Medicare so I know what I am talking about.  f off nerd with your comment about the place. and remember that you said that the x-ray according to the hospital staff said it was blurry. think of what the hospital gets vs a clinic. man, aren't you a complainer ? shut up already. you've got no one emailing you and you had 2 people say your comment is hysterical. ya wanna know why? because after all its due to the fact that you're claiming that the staff was neglectful and your pic is misleading. if anyone just clicked on the pic. it doesn't say that the plate and the blood was from you at your home. I know that you referred to everyone to read your story. but even that is asking for " likes".  it is not hard to make a post and add what the pic we're looking at is. and another thing- if you were already being seen and the secretary went up while something was happening doesn't mean one has to do with the other. its all about timing. and maybe they're right that you probably had part of the plate in you.  why would a hospital bandage someone up with a piece of plate in them?  your story sounds fishy.  I think you're just mad because the secretary couldn't work with you on payment.  they cant do a payment plan. its not your own doctor's office and very seldomly will a doc office do that for their patients.  most don't. and that is not a doc office nor a hospital. its a clinic. and clinics depend on getting paid.

4
0
