YyaasWmdX9KvY6Ft0EaSYA
ngNvH4sxnH9aMukTZ67R_Q
I was a bit leery to try a buffet...they are not typically my favorite places to eat - but what the heck the reviews sounded pretty good.  When we arrived I did have a bit of sticker shock with the prices.  It has been a long time since we were in Vegas so the price per head has definitely increased.  Luckily we were with some locals so we ended up getting a rather large discount...that was the good part of the evening.  At first the waiter was pretty attentive, but after getting our first round of drinks and clearing a couple of plates he disappeared.  He was gone so long that we filled the adjacent table and the top of the pony wall with plates.  It wasn't that we were piggish, there were 9 of us.  When he came back his attitude was a little nasty and he ended up spilling the remaining contents of a plate on the seat where my nieces husband had been sitting. Now let's talk about the food...while it wasn't horrible it certainly was not great.  It did not live up to the reviews in the least.  In comparison the buffet on Carnival Cruise Lines would be 5 star...don't waste your money.

2
0
611e9HK9aVDPq9DUcMtNNA
I have used SuperShuttle many times for both business and personal travel to and from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport.  I returned from a trip and waited for the van to arrive for my ride back home.  There were a total of 3 passengers on the van, one going to the area of Power Rd and Baseline Rd in Mesa, the other to Phx Mesa Gateway Airport, and myself going to the area of Signal Butte Rd and Elliot Rd.  As we pulled away from the curb at Terminal 4 the driver started to mess with his on-board tablet to get routing information.  After speaking to the passenger going to Gateway, the driver got on his phone, apparently speaking to his dispatcher to see if he could get some fares around Gateway.  Instead of heading east on the 202, he choose to take the 147 to the 10 and travel east toward the 60.  All the while this guy continued to mess with his tablet and was weaving within our travel lane and the adjacent one.  Because he was so absorbed with getting more fares out east, and his tablet we missed the exit to the 60 - then he had the audacity to blame it on the routing that he received from his tablet.  We had to detour south down to Elliot Rd and then get back onto the 10 westbound back to the 60.  Then came the Harley's...he was more interested in the Harley's than driving (seems to be a trend).  We ended up following the pack of Harley's onto the 60 eastbound and that just added to the distractions for the driver.  Our first stop was an apartment complex near Power Rd and Baseline Rd.  The passenger gave the driver directions inside the complex, but after dropping him off the driver couldn't seem to find his way back out.  Frustrated - I just couldn't keep quiet any longer.  I told him how to get out and bit my tongue about his need to further driving instruction.  After dropping me off I immediately completed a customer feedback form on supershuttle.com.  Expecting a call back in a couple of days I felt that I had made my point - but no call came.  I have a trip coming up, so I called about possibly making a reservation and told the operator my reluctance about making the reservation.  She took down all of my information and the specifics and gave me a reference number, assuring me that someone would contact me in 2-3 business days.  That was about 2-weeks ago.  I cancelled my RT reservation for tomorrow morning a few minutes ago.  I also completed another feedback form.    It is a shame because all of my other experiences have been very positive and I have always had great service.  When looking at the new SkyTrain from the East Economy Lot it doesn't make sense to subject myself to the wait and frustration.  I can check my luggage before I park my truck then take the SkyTrain to Terminal 4.  Much less hassle.

1
0
ALiZ9e3GXt9eVwYcRkNeOQ
What a great experience. This place does a great job and it's all by hand. From the minute I drive up and was greeted by the representative Ben Brewer I knew I had stopped at the right place.   This is a place worth driving the extra mile for. I will be back.

5
0
