YYdHi3ZmjIDQMABzeZN6wA
o_GpjGhqK-hRxA7u_Mxv9g
Yea a one star barely domes up the service at this auto location. First off I called ahead to see if they were busy. The guy on the phone told me they weren't busy and they could do my oil change and tire rotation quickly because he had techs that were "twiddling their thumbs." I got over there about 30 minutes later to find there's a line at the counter. I'm optimistic at this point so I stand in line. As I am waiting the line starts to back up and I'm still waiting behind 3 people. There was only one guy at the counter nobody else came to help. By the time I'm the next person the Sears service person tells the guy in front of me it's going to be like a 3 hour wait to get a oil change and tire rotation! 3 HOURS wow. I just leave after that. Because I don't know about you but I don't have 3 hours to waste on an oil change at Sears. What really sets me off though is the fact that I called ahead and the Sears associate on the phone told me not to make an appointment just to come on down. Which obviously shouldn't have been the case considering they were very busy and didn't have enough help today. Going forward I will never buy tires from Sears nor get service it's overpriced and under quality. I was at discount tire earlier in the day better service and quicker. Also jiffy lube or any other place for that matter can get you in and out for an oil change in 20-30 minutes. Sears good luck staying in business.

1
0
XUgkawwJQmlwLIJzdtYWHw
This place is awesome. I came here on a Sunday mid morning. There was nobody there. I hit about 70 baseballs for 7 bucks. They do have a $10 minimum for credit cards so be aware of you do not have cash. It also costs a dollar to rent a bat. But it was well worth it to relive the glory days. There was no one bothering me and I had the cages to myself. Come here if you want to hit some baseballs and hangout. Also they have a big wheel if you get 5 tokens or more you get to spin. I unfortunately landed in between water and a snack so no prize for me but still a cool concept. Great local establishment.

5
0
jQoAsnsMXw2S-Pp8rYHoJg
Stone and Vine had a nice urban vibe for an Italian restaurant. The decor is cool and it's right on this man made pond which was cool for pictures. Came here for a wedding rehearsal dinner. They have a private area and patio to host small get together a maybe holds 40-50 comfortably our party was probably 20-30 which was more than enough space. the food was okay we had some chicken Marsala, lasagna, and a white penne cheese Alfredo dish. They were good. The salad was drenched in dressing and was soggy. Not my favorite. The cheesy Alfredo penne was really good. It was like a white macaroni and cheese paired with the Marsala very good. We had canollis as well. They were okay they were a bit hard but I don't eat canollis a lot so that's probably how they are supposed to be. I didn't care for the filling it tasted tangy which wasn't very pleasing. But overall a great experience in a quaint area of south chandler.

4
0
