ZdROcWlWKX3txneCc9I8Mw
pDXv67UQjBKScEgGhc5yLg
Just to start, the only reason I'm giving this place two stars is because our server was very nice and unfortunately stuck between a crap kitchen crew and the customer.   I came in with my brother and some friends, my brother and I both ordered the skewer meals. I got chicken and he ordered beef, for as long as we waited for the food I would have assumed the food would be at least halfway decent or at least hot for that matter. Both my brother's order of skewers and mine were cold to lukewarm in temperature, so of course we let our server know and she apologized and took them back to the kitchen. A couple minutes later she came back and told us that the cooks said if they remade our orders that "they would still come out the same way". I'm sorry, but something that's described as grilled should at least appear so or at a minimum be hot. We both ordered different meals in replacement, that were fried, because at least you can be guaranteed that those would be hot. I doubt that if I come back I will order food again because of how poorly our complaint was handled. I don't think it's too much to ask at all that our food be hot.

2
0
cSA2pB43cv71ffdIvaEodA
My boyfriend and I were paying a visit to the Medical Supply store next door to this little hole in the wall diner/restaurant when we decided it was about time to get some lunch. We are quite the adventurous types and are willing to try a new restaurant if it catches our eye and Cafeteria caught out eye very easily.   Upon first glance you can tell this little restaurant is the new guy in town, but don't let this discourage you. The employees upon entrance were very friendly in offering a menu and asking if it was our first time visiting. My sight went immediately to the Brisket Sandwich as I skimmed down the menu, even my boyfriend (who is always hesitant to try something new) noted that the sandwiches description sounded amazing. I ended up going for a good staple the Tomato, Mozzarella, and Basil sandwich and after eyeballing the burgers my boyfriend decided the Brisket Sandwich had him sold.   About 10 minutes later our meals were personally delivered to our table by an employee and we dug in. It was love at first bite for the two of us, I had ordered my TMB sandwich on wheat, which could not have been a better idea, the mozzarella was fresh and creamy, the basil, tomatoes, and mixed greens were crisp and delicious; and last but not least the balsamic glaze was absolutely fantastic it added the perfect tanginess and sweetness to the sandwich to put it over the top. My boyfriend's brisket sandwich was on a whole different level grilled country sourdough piled high with tender brisket, sautéed sweet red onions, melty Monterey Jack cheese, and fresh arugula. Needless to say after our initial visit, we will definitely be back and gladly recommend Cafeteria to our friends.

5
0
