ZF_XZdb5-0KexJ58pMZPrA
V9i9LnTg9H2XvzqCVBSOXg
This used to be my favorite Indian restaurant but not anymore. I was so excited to finally come here with my coworker after trying to schedule lunch for over two months and this is our usual place. We came in at 12:20 and placed our order and my coworker asked for a small side of sauce for the dish that I had ordered. At approximately 1:10, another server came to our table to tell us that our order was somehow lost but they were working on it now. Fifteen minutes after that, the food finally came out. The food, as expected, was delicious. So much so that conversation ceased. Then came the check. First, they charged the full value of a dish ($12.95) for the side of sauce...again sauce for a dish they were already preparing!! Just the sauce cost as much as the dish I ordered. So...we bring it to their attention and request they pay for the appetizer, since we waited practically an hour for it. They come back with a revised check. The sauce...just the sauce...now only cost $7.95!!! For a side of sauce...tomato based curry sauce! Seriously?! I could have just given her my leftover sauce! And the discount we got was 10%. Making for a $40+ lunch for two that took an hour and a half!! With no alcohol!! Where is the customer service? Seriously?!?!!! I won't be coming back!

1
0
bBjBTLRk0jxEySjixSFUkw
Serina is one of the best Zumba instructors I've ever had the pleasure of having.  Her energy is contagious and you can't help but smile.  It doesn't even feel like exercise - just a big party!  I recommend it for everyone.  She's so inspiring with her story and her journey - she welcomes all students to take it with her.  Love it!

5
0
n9Zl-seyPTcwC1r769oR6Q
Came at 11:30 with two friends so we missed the lunch rush that came in after us. I had the quinoa salad while my friends had kabobs, one chicken and one steak. The quinoa salad lacked flavor. While I didn't taste the chicken kabob, the steak kabob was amazing. Excellent flavor on the steak. We also had the hummus trio and the pesto basil was my favorite of the three. More than anything, the service was fantastic. The girl who took our order was friendly, knowledgeable, and very personable. The guy that delivered our food was also incredibly nice and came in to check on us afterwards.

4
0
