zqSxycomi_lAoB8I73s4Gw
BluXDgvhSEMmvyjTiegWoQ
I've been coming here for over 12 years--from the time I was in elementary school until after I graduated college. Dr. Dachs has guided me through many dental milestones, eg., braces, wisdom teeth extraction.   I love Thompson Peak Family Dentistry. The staff is warm and welcoming and Dr. Dachs is gentle and kind to his patients.   As a child, I remembered how I was pleasantly surprised how painless getting my cavity filled was, and to this day believe that Dr. Dachs is an exceptional dentist! Would recommend to all my friends.

5
0
bT9q7KL5xHj8t6cTQwhppw
I hate this place. Like many other comments, I WOULD RATE THIS PLACE ZERO STARS IF I COULD TOO. I had gotten a package with 6 laser hair removal treatments. I read all the reviews and would have to agree that the place has a nice facility in a nice area. HOWEVER, I read the other negative reviews which were also true. The staff is rude and never admits to their faults. The technicians are nice though. I feel really badly about the ones that openly ridicule and chastise their customers' physical appearance.  I am very surprised that this place has close to 5 stars and completely baffles me that none of the negative comments were factored into the ratings.   On my 5th laser appointment, I got burnt. When I informed the technician, she said that it was "normal." UM sorry, I don't think so. I let it slide though. On my last appointment with them, I got a STAPH INFECTION. I called the place and told them what was going on, and was patiently waiting for them to call me back as I waited for an hour. I wondered if they had caller ID because whenever I called, it went to voicemail. I had to use a blocked number to reach them. The same lady who I had been speaking to hung up on me. SHE HUNG UP ON ME. Another lady answered when I called back, transferring me over to the first one. She told me to abrasively scrub the area. Rule number when dealing with staph. NEVER DO THAT. This is basic information found by a teenager (me) on the internet. How does an establishment that deals with skin give a consumer a STAPH INFECTION.  I had to go to a dermatologist and my primary care doctor. I am deeply dissatisfied. I hope that no one else experiences this sub-par service. Do yourself a favor and go to the thousands of other places in Scottsdale that offer service and courtesy that is a million times better.

1
0
