ZVglsx-NFCB_58X6ocPECA
gd6Vp5KC2w88jE_WXjlCTQ
I didnt like this place at all.  I used to live up the street from there and thought I would try it out before I left Madison.  We went there on a Saturday night, we were the only people in there.    I orderded a chicken dish...forgot the name, it was some kind of curry sauce and my firned ordered the beef version of that.    I was disappointed in the food as it was not remotely indonesian, didnt know what to call it.  We got a small salad with our meals, it had watered down peanut sauce on it. Ate most of it and was thinking the meal would be better.  I did notice that after abotu 10 minutes, I didnt hear any cooking.  I didnt hear any woks or pans cooking up any sauces, chicken or beef or could smell any kind of cooking was going on.  We ordered an appe-teaser of lumpia(egg roll things) but they never brought it out and forgot to cook it.  So we got our entree before our appe-teaser.  It came in a box, kind of like a bento box.  It had hambuger paper on the bottom.  The chicken was a small breast of chicken and sauce poured on top.  It came with a scoop of rice.  No wonder I didnt hear any cooking, It was basically a pre-cooked chicken breast and they warmed up the sauce and poured it on top.  My friend's beef version was probably in a cooker and they just scooped it into the box and served it.  Was pretty weak in my opinion.  I questioned about the appe-teaser and the guy looked at his order sheet and said that he was sorry and will get it out right away.  He did but it was so drenched in oil that the lumpia was quite soft.  Looks like the oil wasnt up to temperature and it just soaked it all up and became soggy.   Again, he was aplogetic and very nice about it.    Unfortunately, I wouldnt recommend.  The price was about $20 or so for both of us.  We were still a bit hungry afterwards.

1
0
Wm4rLDB08o6BUvThKQgPhw
Stayed here on a voucher provided by US Airways, we didnt have to wait at the airport shuttle pickup line very long, maybe like 10 minutes, driver was friendly and made sure people were going to the correct Double Tree location, he helped people with bags that needed it.    Check-in was easy with the voucher, he was ready for the unload of people from the shuttle in our same situation, check-in was late around 11pm or so and he was the only person working the front desk. Also asked us what time we needed the shuttle back to the airport and took a head count to accomodate enough room in the van.  He was nice, friendly, quick and informative.  Gave us 2 complimentary warm cookies as well.  Nice touch!    The hotel looks like it would've been swinging in the 80's!!! Palm trees, outside pool, conference rooms, the rooms were outside entrance type, looks like an apartment complex, inside of the room was ok, we were only sleeping there for the night and back to the airport the next morning so it did its job.  AC unit is pretty loud so that woke me up a few times in the middle of the night.  Sheets were clean, bathroom was standard and the shower was nice.  Airline or hotel provided us vouchers for free breakfast in the morning as well.  Wait staff was very friendly, not too overly in my face in the morning as I only got about 5 hours of sleep.  Quick to clear plates and cups as well.  Be sure to tip them!  Back on the shuttle to the airport and we out!

4
0
