ZXT-v6IaRuVOZUBv9f4VSw
j743VGWi2YfLteQtVNajsQ
This was without question the absolute BEST car buying experience I have ever had. Originally I was working with Chris Lopez(sales manager) via email. From the start he was honest, friendly and very straight forward. When I went into the dealership, again, Chris was great. Went for a test drive and got into the numbers. Without divulging any numbers, I can say that they gave me a better offer than any other Toyota dealership, both for my trade and for my new truck. Even though they didn't have the exact truck I want on the lot, Chris went out of his way to find and get one to the dealership within a day. That's customer service right there! Anyhow, when it came time to do the paperwork, I began working with Kent, who was also great. Friendly and very easy to work with. Everyone right down to their finance guy Sean was just awesome and went over and above to make this a pleasurable experience for me. They have definitely earned a customer for life, and would certainly recommend them to anyone shopping for a car. The whole team down there is top notch.  Thanks guys!

5
0
WaO_hAunQrZ--vI308rHQA
Honestly, I cannot begin to think why this place is getting any good reviews as at all.. I really, and I mean really wanted to like this place. James Porter is a great chef, and I frequent Petit Mason, however Earls has zero reflection that Porter has even set foot in the door.. I really don't know that my food could legitimately be referred to as BBQ, even though I had one of the most common items to come to mind when one thinks about BBQ.. The brisket is what caught my eye, and I have to tell you, it was so dry, and tough that I though I was eating beef jerky. There was absolutely zero flavor, and I gave up after a few bites.. The waitress, although very nice, explained to me that "this is just the way we serve it"??? Dry, flavorless, tough, and seemingly at least a day old?   Overall, if you're going to charge prices like that, you better deliver on the food. I mean you are a restaurant right? and food is what your relying on isn't it? Time to get to work Porter, your BBQ is terrible...

1
0
